whoa it's hotline League episode 33 so
excited to be here there's a ton of
stuff to talk about as there is every
single week the second gate second week
of LCS happened we're starting to see
who's who by the way there's five people
at third place some other stuff happen
that we're gonna get into you guys are
gonna call we've got echo Fox's coach
and narrow here he's got a great voice
and actually has very strong opinions so
that's hot line League episode 33 and
it's starting literally right now hot
line League is brought to you by open by
HP here we are on episode 33 of hot line
league how's it going mark it's going
great I'm hanging out get ready to talk
about legal legends I probably won't ask
an arrow too many questions at the top
because I have a feeling they're very
similar questions coming from come tours
or Collins so probably facing much
what's what's been this week for you
what have you been doing what's going on
secret projects super-secret
super-secret projects oh really yeah
like government classified super-secret
awesome play two people just really
secret stuff alright sounds like zel's
about to raid the twitch channel no I
think he's coming in my room cuz he's
confused about something can I help you
yeah busy he's not reading the channel
no he's opened my door and looked in at
me and he has his phone as a streaming
device and he's just creeping in my
corner okay well if you should tell
everyone to come watch this the show
yeah no anyways yeah I'm here it's great
what energy an arrow is here an arrow
you might get everyone an idea of who
you are cuz on everyone knows I mean I'm
the head coach of echo Fox and I guess
that's kinda it well what's your
background is my background like
coaching yeah yeah like what have you
done before cuz you it's not like you
just start you suddenly produce but in
coaching a little bit now tainted mines
before that I was dream team both saw
teams was really good times and before
that I was mousesports and then before
that I was nothing pretty much they just
didn't exist yeah I mean you know it's a
solid history right yeah that's good
why is zell on the show in the beginning
what did you do what did you do to mark
wait you're muted so I can't he's just
got the headset on yeah
unmute your discordant I'll meet your
disc or not to skype Jesus what is the
show coming to why is this happening
hello everybody that we fired you from
the show
uh yes okay but I'm back what is going
to be hired what is going on oh no we're
just chilling I think marks getting his
girlfriend so I'm you know right right
like that
you've now invaded I can I can be refire
than you though what's been going on
with you lately oh just stay busy over
at a retail and uh you know working all
my pet projects as usual so what do you
mean man what do you think of LCS from
this past weekend it's been a wild ride
I gotta say um so my favorite moments
let's see the war cheering obviously
everyone's favorite really excited about
the times that they cheered for every
board that got killed yeah yeah that's
great
well how about you man uh it was a great
it was a great weekend I miss mark he
brings something to the show that you
don't um let's let's talk a little bit
about League of Legends and how that
works we're gonna straight into calls
because I think you know that's
ultimately what people want and that's
what we're gonna give you mark normally
does this part of the show he says
something about how he's gonna spam the
discord which is what I'll do right now
and you can click on the discord you
join you want to put your questions in
the in the twitch the pleb topic section
you you should put like a doesn't have
to be like a question it can actually be
like an assertion rightly I think TSM
isn't going to make fine
because of this or I think doublelift is
overrated because of this or I think an
arrow should not have changed this look
during the split because of this and
then mark will examine those questions
and he'll pull you into the waiting-room
once you're in the waiting room you just
wait till mark comes and check you
checks you out and then you can join the
show if you are a sub you can actually
get access to the sub topic channel go
ahead and put your question in your hot
take in there we do check that as well
it gives you a little bit of a better
chance I think then some of the plebs
take it in and that's how the show works
I have now given the spiel and hopefully
you guys can appreciate that
and here's mark he's back nice dude yeah
I had to let my girlfriend into Josh's
home that I just well I just gave a
Speidel on Khan questions but feel like
we should we should while you're pulling
questions we should talk a little bit to
an arrow and era house coaching been
these past couple of weeks how are you
enjoying I'm yes it's been fun as hell
honestly like this whole new patch I
thought this split coming in was gonna
be kind of just the same old same old
thing but this patch is the funnest
thing I think I've ever worked in really
what do you think of all the people
complaining they say like oh gold filing
is boring as hell
life sucks everything's miserable I mean
beat it like if gold funnelling is
boring and it's just Opie and it's gonna
be in every game I think people should
try to figure out what beats it yeah and
I think that's fun when you're like
trying to search for that next big thing
I think that's super fun when you get to
figure it out yeah Marc house husband
for you as an analyst to us these past
couple of weeks because we're you know
the first week everyone was figuring
stuff out now we've had it for a couple
weeks maybe you have a better idea
I think it's probably the I've watched
more League of Legends in the last three
weeks than I had watched in a long time
like I don't think outside of like
prepping for some international event
where I don't know what any of the teams
are I don't think I've had to watch for
wanted to watch and actually did watch
more league than I did getting ready for
this season I watched like literally
every LPL and LSD KVM I could and then I
watched some EU like that's how much I
was watching I actually watch to you
so I love it like it's it's definitely
love to you I got you yeah I mean like
it's difficult to prepare for and I
think a lot of viewers are struggling
but like I talked to a couple like teams
employers and stuff about like what was
going on so like when I saw it in China
and stuff when everything started out
like I was already prepared like I
already knew about mordekaiser Shyvana
and like muta Karthus and all that you
know I said Brom whatever it is like but
I don't think a lot of fans were
prepared for it even if they've heard
like wow crazy Metta incoming like
watching it for the first time is
definitely weirder but I'm a hundred
percent on board with the new meta -
like I understand if gold funneling ends
up being the new meta like that's just
the most efficient correct way to play
the game I understand maybe that should
get nerfed a little bit but there I have
different reasons for that and maybe we
can get in - yeah well why don't we get
the show going
we've had some people and I think that
their questions and their topics into
the chat I already did your job for you
mark cause you had to go lay your
girlfriend Lynn so I think we should be
ready to start pulling people yeah let's
think you might have already pulled a
couple yeah I need to tell those people
to unmute in the waiting room okay go
tell them yeah well I they're muted trap
so you tell them you know they're but
both of them have their mics made at
only one of them has their headset
needed yeah that's yes and one of them
doesn't need it dad oh she asked change
okay because what I'm doing this right
now there we go
as you can tell let's show us no
problems everything's pretty smooth yeah
an era how has it been working is hooni
just like having the time of his life
does he wants to play all the other
roles or is this something that's more
strategic uh I mean he wants to play it
he wants to play whatever he thinks is
best
like he's not just like all right I'm
playing jungle today I want to practice
jungle only it's just like okay this
champs good it's probably better if the
guy who's played this champ plays it
rather than saying like all right Josh
you play this champ now let's see if it
works it's all he likes it all the
players like it honestly like no one on
your team is really complained about it
that much yeah well our first guess is
moon is elune is aware you call from hey
guys I'm calling from Anaheim California
Anaheim California
what yeah it's cool what what would you
like to talk about on the show today oh
well I wanted to ask an arrow a few
questions first question is how did your
transition from playing to coaching go
not that great I guess I mean I was just
lucky kind of that I ran into an
opportunity because I was awful at
playing the game I was really bad and
then I just randomly had to play a game
as a sub for the team that I worked with
I had no opportunity to ever be a pro
player I don't have like the ability to
play at that level at all I mean getting
into coaching was kind of lucky I just
worked out story so I was just looking
for a job really doing anything I was
working at this ropes course in Florida
at the time and of course yeah you know
at high ropes course you're like I don't
know like 50 feet up in the air and
you're like on trees and you like do an
obstacle course it's pretty good Travis
I recommended I don't like Heights - if
you ever go to tree Trek in Orlando that
was me I work in that place yeah I did
that and then in my off time I played
league and I saw someone on Twitter
retweeted a post about looking for like
an analyst for a UK team and I was like
cool I'll try to do that and I made some
like spreadsheets and stuff you know I
did that typical type of thing and yeah
they picked me up I was working with dan
dan was the first jungler I ever worked
with a really good friend of mine and I
started working for the team and then he
ended up joining a team called prides he
used to play for uol before Gillian he
played with them when they were
promoting into the LCS for the first
time and he left to go to school
I think Ilyas ended up playing for them
so yeah he's just a challenger player
he's still around in the scene but I
think he's trying to get into pop G now
but yeah I join
team with him that team turned into
mousesports I just kind of like followed
him because he liked working with me and
then while I was an analyst on that team
I just became the head coach because
there was no one else doing it
so you know it's just a nice opportunity
that popped up when is all I think you
had another question about cost oh no
the next question was well it kind of is
a question about coaching but what do
you think separates your current team
from the past teams that you coached
well one thing for sure is stability
I mean past teams didn't really stay
around for a long time because of the
actual like structure internally so that
was a problem right but in terms of like
actually playing like all the guys on
this team are super aggressive which I
think everyone is very aware of and
aggressive with like each other super
focused on winning just like everyone
thinks that these guys like beat up on
each other out of the game and they're
like pissed off all the time but
everyone's pretty relaxed for the most
part we just have good discussions and
everyone wants to play the game like
super agro all the time so it's very
different than other teams in that
aspect because everyone's trying to win
the game really hard rather than just
hoping someone else messes up yeah
the echo Fox Fight Club somebody on
Twitter says yeah do you bother like
your team has like a very different
identity from other teams I think so but
I think it's just because we kind of
have an identity yeah I think a lot of
teams kind of don't have identities in a
lot of regions or are scared to like you
know create one have you guys ever
gotten close to like a blow-up like fuck
you man fight yeah I mean I feel like
giving you a competitive team and that
doesn't happen your team's not really
competitive like people are gonna get
pissed off eventually like you're gonna
lose some games you're gonna get pissed
off and it's just like how you handle
that and like bounce back from it and
you just you're fine like everyone just
wants to win so they're gonna get pissed
off when they think that someone's
hindering them from winning
it's definitely not something that's
just like into the world very good
we nestled anything else um well what
chance would you like to see break into
this new meta what's hamster I want to
see breaking in there meta huh
honestly I don't know I feel like any
champion I've thought of that's kind of
like I wanted to see played is kind of
getting played Elise it's pretty much
everything at least is boring man listen
what I think Elise is pretty boring I
want to what I'd love to Lisa is fun
okay Lisa in coming back would be great
I'd actually like Zeus in because I
champs hype at least his hella boring
though she just cocoons you hits you and
then lifts up in the ring cool
nice plan I love the level three games
you can pull up for the lease yeah it's
so unique when they dive the turret at
level three Renekton Elise old-school
top dive level three build the wave
fucking that was that was my shit I love
that it's lame I want to see you okay
I'm glad we got this shit like
heimerdinger's do you see him drop that
fatty turret down and then the melees
ran into him died yeah it's more of that
that's funny as hell man you know how
confusing it is when I heimerdinger's
just in a fight like no one knows how to
fight around that shit a guy just comes
in and everyone gets a little startled
do you feel like we're playing more
boring compared to other regions cuz I
kind of feel that way at least EU in
Korea uh I guess I mean I don't really
feel it because we kind of try a lot of
stuff you guys are pushing it harder
than anybody I think yeah I think kind
of but it's not that bad I mean that's
how people won't play the game I guess
play it that way it's just yeah it's a
little boring I guess yeah some teams
are more boring than others for sure
well so I think last week I don't know
if you saw - was in here we were
debating like whether or not with the
Evo's coach like that was a problem
potentially that North America was
clearly less inventive and some
the other regions and like that point
it's a player like skillset it like
problems or anything or if you just
legitimately don't think it matters that
much as long as people are playing with
their best debt what's the question with
it D are you like concerned for North
America as a region if everyone else is
branching out more and we're stuck
playing the same old meta or close to it
um yeah I mean I don't I don't think
it's very good for us if people aren't
willing to test it I mean I know some
teams are at least doing it in scrims
and then just not doing it on stage
which is understandable people just want
to get the wins right but I mean some
teams aren't even doing it in scrims and
they're just kind of rolling with it it
seems like they're just waiting for the
next patch to fix all of this or
something to come and I think that's
really bad yeah I don't know
we're definitely pretty slow at things
sometimes I think EU as a whole is
usually pretty quick with finding out
what's good and so is LPL yeah very good
well hey thank you so much moon is all
for calling in thank you guys
shout out the Saints thoughts yeah I
think there's a need to get the picture
because I took it on Sebastien parks
phone but there was hey a woman at the
LCS this weekend with a Saints taught
sign which I don't know if people know
that like that's like a meme from a
state of League episode from like 2012
it's crazy
yeah it's Saints mod yeah very good well
thank you so many way see your brother
where did that start coming from Nick
because I feel like you say yeah so I
feel like I kind of made a made this a
bad thing
ether came to our boot camp in the
offseason and he would always say like
one love brother and I just thought was
the funniest thing ever because I could
so goofy and I just kind of started
saying brother at the end of stuff just
kind of like making fun of them cuz
we're like good friends and it just kind
of stuck and I can't stop it now and
it's hella anoying that I do it but it's
just one of those things you've like
you've done to make fun of someone it's
a habit and you can't get over to
Acadian because I hear Acadian said all
of it
or is it just like you guys know I don't
mean the monta started doing it to each
other because we would play like other
games and I thought moon in a case he's
not saying that for a while to each
other - yeah probably where I think it's
just kind of funny because of the like
Hulk Hogan thing - yeah I think good
alright let's move on to the next caller
as I give a couple shout outs here
shut up to twenty year old Asian girl
Cece r17 here a sublet said oMG it's
Nick Smith lease what a sexy beast robot
rust-free subbed reflects a gifted a sub
to CNN as fake news and then a cleda
once sent a thousand bits oh thank you
so then next up we've got sable flag on
the show sable flag a fan Ron Jenkins I
don't know a constant viewer I don't
know if your monitor your mod no I wish
okay well working your way up to mod me
I am I am addicted now to total war
Warhammer - holy shit it's it's amazing
I have so many cars and I came I started
because Finn Ron and I did that stream
where he was teaching me and now I'm
like obsessed yeah what what you told me
about fan Ron oh nice well yeah yeah I
didn't what were you saying mark you're
kind of quiet I'm saying what are we
doing here oh we're talking about total
war war hammers you the greatest game
yeah this isn't the total war hammer -
Dawn of War 40k talk show all right
let's um Stables like what do you want
or where you come from I am calling from
Orlando Florida
what yeah there we go
I've never been to the Rope place yeah I
think I've probably driven past it
there's one it is it on i-4 yeah it's
right a new Disney like I've driven past
it hundreds a chance drove past a narrow
working there probably got a sick
farmers ten then I looked great
yeah the body was very Brown and my
chest was very white Sables like what do
you want to talk about the show today
already I'm I just feel like the the
fact that we have best of once right now
just sucks so much because Colligan well
I just you met her to talk about okay
well like I see it for a playing
standard cuz like I don't feel like that
was quite as snowball II but with with
games just being over at like five or
seven minutes it's like that's not
really competitive at but like
especially with the the the game with
Gary game this week against og like I
just feel like seven times out of ten
fox wins that but og just like they just
snowball than one
yeah but they deserve it right no yeah
you know but both teams go into the
weekend and we both know that we have
one shot to actually make it a win so if
we go in and we're like cool we're gonna
try to play super versus super and if we
lose we lose you know I got a deal with
that like it happens holy shit I think I
see one definitely benefits those people
that are like not wanting to try shake
they're super scared but yeah it took me
so long to realize whoo oh gee was
because that's always Origen in my mind
yeah Jenny's try Lux what I mean is what
I think of optic gaming
oh my god well I mean I've been watching
Hey look so I know I know it's not your
fault and I was like they they had that
crazy game it's golden Guardians maybe
he means GG like I I'm just full mind
blank dude Yeah right so on that note
sable do you know what the average game
time uh this week was it was long right
yeah I was 37 minutes but he's saying
the games are done by 20 minutes right
no I use or even later I don't think
that well yeah that's true I just
sometimes I feel like some of the games
just seemed like the one the team that's
losing is just stalling out and like
they're just sort of slowly grinding
down but there were four comebacks on
Sunday oh the reason viewers probably
like that as so many teams are just like
all right cool let's wait till late game
and just don't they'll mess up we'll
just wait it's fine like I don't know
there's there's some
teams boosting the average game time
hella hard right now yeah I don't think
it shouldn't be 37 minutes I'm kind of
being a contrarian here I mostly agree
with sable that the game like if people
are playing really aggressively and
they're playing some of these more
snowball II team comps because we are
still playing pretty standard the game
probably is still those who fast I I was
mostly just from the North American
right yeah yeah I don't know I just I
feel like this meta especially with I
mean I feel like it was worse last week
on patch 7 eleven eight eleven I can't
remember
eight eleven I just feel like it was
worse but this week is still just sort
of not to take anything away from the
teens that do and I just feel like we
get a more accurate picture of who's
stronger if it were best of threes yeah
you gotta sure get more accurate right
yeah totally it's just and when you
gotta watch all those teams play all day
three games and some of them it's just
like yeah they're gonna win this game
but we got to sit here and wait 30
minutes because it's that like can you
imagine watching what was it was like
clutching TSM or clutching - yeah what
was the three games from them that's
just gonna ever who knows who's gonna
win because of both coin flipping at 40
minutes and hoping for the best
that optic white quest game on Sunday I
would not want to watch that as the best
of three series yeah I feel like you can
always complain right like you can
complain when you're in a best-of-three
situation because you are frustrated
that you have to sit through like
garbage but then you can complain
whenever you're the best at one
situation case you're like oh this man
is so great it'd be so cool people would
be more willing to try things like you
know like the it would be more obvious
who who's going to win I that's why I
like for me it ends up being a toss-up
and if viewership is better in the best
of one scenario I think that's why it
still makes sense to stick around the
best one scenario yeah I mean I end up
liking best of one more just because
like viewers it's better and regular
season for the most part
doesn't matter that much it's just
playoffs that matter and as long as play
officer best three best of five you know
that's cool with me
that's really all I care about yeah I
guess that's an interesting take cuz you
never plan on battling for playoffs
you're just gonna make it every time if
you're a good team you should be in
playoffs like I think there's no excuse
to not make playoffs
really I even think the split where I
joined echo fives from didn't make
playoffs there's no excuse not to make
playoffs if you don't make playoffs you
saw it and all those best ones people
can just choose you and then you don't
make playoffs I mean if you choose you
suck like for all all the games of the
other season then yeah you suck like if
you can't figure out how to play around
that like hey she's excited when why
aren't you choosing like if people are
bidding because you're choosing fucking
Chesebrough get in there and like
there's something different you have
dignity
they're not gonna cheese cheese along
with the best very good sable flag thank
you so much for the call of course yeah
appreciate moving on to some more colors
here I want to give a shout out to
Dominic killing you guys thorn seven one
nine peace loves Lomo and red bell z for
that we've got see sears 17 on the show
see series where you come from Beverly
Hills Beverly Hills very close by thank
you for being a twitch prime sub what
are sorry which stuff I don't know if
it's prime or not what do you want to
talk about the show today and then I
could talk about pregame routines so
what I would I've heard is that some
people on echo fox have very specific
pregame routines I don't know if they've
continued to this split or not but yeah
how did you hear this well I'm part of
one for Nick and then I've heard them
for the other so Charlie join the split
as an intern but he's had me added on
snapchat for like months before this I
need like a disclaimer like this is
about
yeah yeah he's got me on snapchat and is
a saucy snapchat for sure which way
saucy or is it yours and is it if he's
an intern are you able to have this type
of sauce see snapchat situation yeah
just come on yeah romance just let the
boys do their thing play yeah he
messaged me every time before it we play
he's like good luck today men rootin
it's its rootin for you bud yeah he says
that and I say thanks man and then I do
this smiley face that I put in the chat
okay and that's it and he didn't do it
saturday before optic and we lost but he
did it the other three games over one so
so do you hit him up and do you get
frustrated if he doesn't like I can't
hit him up because then it breaks it ok
yeah yeah it just takes both parts to do
it charlie like don't you feel like you
could ransom this Oh 100%
ok but but but but it's gonna thing last
split so it's now a thing ok so you're
so and you've heard how do you know
about the other ones the other battles
well I I have I have connections as has
been revealed but yeah I heard the
dyrdek last split I had to beat his high
score and doodle jump yeah so he played
doodle jump before every game and he
always beat his high score the day
before we started and then one day he
didn't beat it and we lost that game
against CLG so it was instantly cursed
yeah that was also the first game that
my girlfriend came to we lost so
instantly cursed yeah we had a few
curses left split that we started
keeping track of and we made sure to get
rid of all of them this split but
Charlie now it's backwards so she came
to the first two games didn't come
Saturday but she came Sunday we won all
the games she was there for and lost one
she wasn't there for it so she's
required to come there just quit her job
did she actually quit her job she
actually quit her job that Sunday before
she came and then she came to LCS we won
if she gets a job does that is that part
of the curse like putting her job is the
thing to do to win she needs to get a
new job
two knee jobs I guess every week maybe I
mean that sounds good to me so is the do
something a a dar doc ritual or like an
echo fox ritual as a dark rich wolf okay
got rid of it now though he doesn't do
it anymore okay Bostick it's gonna be
like real rituals like Ray Allen only
eats chicken these are pretty real yeah
I defend the chicken thing it's like
it's like I was gonna say a couple other
things before I could up like he goes
there with three hours before has to do
200 shots eats chicken only or something
like I don't know I thought it was gonna
be something else I've been fucking
doodle jump in my girlfriend can't show
up or it might show up tell me what do
you want us to do man yeah okay I don't
I don't eat before LCS games oh yeah
that's some Jolly Ranchers or something
like that and I ate before the optic
game and we lost too so there's that
because they had some hella good chicken
backstage so you guys play last game do
you just starve all day yes he does
yeah I usually just eat a lot when I
leave it artist I've not heard any other
teams that are like some I've heard have
little things like usually having to do
with bathroom activities but I am I'm as
feels like echo fox is more than I've
ever heard before
oh man it happens it sounds like
anything different that happens gets
added onto a list as part of like we we
need to do this again I mean we can't
lose because we're bad we literally only
lose because of factories outside of
okay that's how it works I know is that
as a coach do you feel like that's a
good idea like a good concept to just
always blame the losses on outside
factors yeah for sure
okay that got blamed on me because I
didn't know that one was my father
okay multiple factors are different how
do you analyze that look do you have
like a bunch of people like breaking it
down we have a we have an analyst for
that a superstition analyst a
superstition analyst on that one
just let me know if things are working
out pretty good well thank you so much
Cesar 74 the dog yeah see you tomorrow
fucking echo fox employees just sneaking
onto my show yeah I mean you're gonna
have to filter men like I'm pretty
active on our discord so those in the
waiting room if I see our Fox 4:20 he's
out all right that's not that's we're
not doing that you've already gotten two
callers from our discord so really okay
well we've got thunk on the show is do
you know thunk is from your discord I
have no idea okay sweet
where where whereabouts do you live I am
from a Casey mo Midwest represent so I
click on your everyone's names to see if
there are sub to see if they're tagged
that way your says that you're in a
diablo 3 game right now so are you
actually playing diablo 3 well on the
show guys na focused up right now yeah
you've set it aside yes I got out of the
rift I'm chilling in town
no flicks we're good alright good to
know what do you want to talk about the
show yeah so pretty much just wanted to
direct this mostly I guess it marking an
arrow Travis feel pretty hop in if you
want it just really seems odd to me that
more teams aren't taking like fanatics
approach of I mean I guess you could say
benching wreck reckless or more in
general benching their marksman player
because we call matey carries about
substituting so it's not quite as harsh
substance players because I I'm I mean I
get it if like your marksman player is
better than literally all of your
Academy players but my example for this
question is like you can't tell me that
Jensen is not better than say Keith Yeah
right for other reasons that's true I I
agree with that but I mean through these
two three weeks two weeks now
I feel like maybe it might be time to
bring Jackson are you I feel like you're
trying to Trojan horse your waves a
cloud 9 topic no I don't want this to be
about cloud 9
they're two example I wanna include that
in it for why teams don't go we might
but just for the sake of this argument
let's just say that Jenson was
substituted out and now he's made up and
he's ready to be brought back in by the
merits of his hard work and dedication
to the team well I think another option
would well we were talking about the de
montagne alright we have other c9
callers to you so I'm sure we yeah what
do you think in there like why aren't
teams like throwing in their Academy top
laner to play something unique bot lane
or mid laner or something so I think
teams just don't want the backlash that
comes along with it and they probably
don't want to waste time practicing with
that when they think that the patch
might disappear in a few weeks I know
for sure we would have done it or at
least like tried it if the month it
wasn't banned we would have at least
like given it a shot to see if it's
something that we wanted to do on stage
but I don't know if other teams want to
do that especially at the backlash that
you saw the c9 got for what they steamed
is like a benching that they needed to
do can you imagine if they tried to swap
out sneaky for golden blue and
explaining that to a community like a
lot of orgs probably just want to avoid
that and say hey just make this work
yeah but there are certain orgs that
could get away with it easier like who
like no one is gonna be like no offense
to going guardians or definitely no
one's gonna be like what definitely is
gone especially since on the record he
said like he whenever he got solo queue
fields anywhere that wasn't a marksman
position he would just quit and dodge
the game yeah I think they would get a
lot of shit really you think so cuz I
feel like everybody can do what they
want right now they say look these guys
don't care about getting anywhere in
franchising see we called it before it
started riot these teams are gonna be at
the bottom and they're not gonna care
look they put a mid laner an ADC look at
these idiots there's gonna be a guy that
makes that argument yeah or exam but
everyone's already : going Guardians
idiots anyway so why why not just take
the risk
yeah they should've bought beatniks ass
but they should kiss like do you see
what happened to us level one that game
was over well look my point is hundreds
of the chat so I'm enjoying blowing them
up but I I my point is is that you pick
sneaky is the example of and like of
course the moment like if they take
double if feather game sneaky bjergsen
whoever like people are gonna lose their
shit but there are orgs that can
experiment more with it I think by the
way echo fox being one of them and you
said you would have tried pitting
Demonte in yo so I thought after that
first flat performance I was like holy
shit if they're gonna do that just put
somebody else in for Alltech now he
didn't have a amazing second game so
obviously he can play Vladimir but I
think like the idea that you need to
have your marksman in is probably a
little like too ingrained like we're not
even experimenting with marksman players
let alone like role swapping them out
too much at least in North America from
what we see in terms of games so I'm not
surprised at that but I also do think
even just from purely a strategic level
they kind of Telegraph's what you're
doing like if you pull out deftly
suddenly you're like well maybe we don't
need to ban Azrael but here's the trick
here's the trick you put your mid laner
in your canopy later and then you just
have him play hey oh I liked it more
when you were in the dark and then you
just have him play wave marksman and
that blows their mind you know yeah sure
but I'm just saying like there is still
a strategic hit that you take yeah
because he's probably not gonna be as
good of a marksman player just the same
way your Markson player is not going to
be as good of a bruiser slash wizard
player yeah I think it's amazing though
Afro said wizard and I fucking love it
so I'm gonna also think they're like
there's definitely like this whole thing
against just like being benched in
general like the culture isn't really
there where people feel like they're
part of a team and that the 10 players
that are on that team are actually them
winning like they feel like if I'm not
on stage I'm not winning so people are
gonna
Oh hard like players are gonna hate that
shit because people aren't from like
sports backgrounds where it doesn't
matter so much like who's but you have
to touch them one so I want like the
people that are like on the bench and
NFL they get in Super Bowl and they
played for a little bit they got pulled
out they're getting a ring too you know
but and I'll see us like people don't
see it that way because it's just like
different cultures so people are like at
least from player perspective definitely
against that and it's a huge like ego
hit and teams want to avoid that for
sure but now you can I think that'll
change with time yeah you can you can
change that look what Jack string with
feeling right like he benched the
players because he's not afraid of
relegation anymore you can start to
change that you can bring your guys try
to change it but you know you saw how
the players reacted right yeah like that
was for sure like a mental hit like they
didn't look like they handled that that
great based on Twitter they didn't look
you know but doesn't that like I mean be
healthier competitive like it's good
here in your in your in your league
like sure you want that it should be
like that for sure but I'm just saying
like that's why teams try to avoid doing
it because they're worried about that
and they don't think it's gonna be good
for their like environment if they just
shake it up and they'd rather care about
keeping their players happy right now
then risking it but I definitely think
it's the type of culture there should be
fostered so that people feel like it's a
team and I think Academy as long as
teams are approaching Academy correctly
and integrating their Academy team like
into practice occasionally and just
making sure they try to make it feel
like a team
it'll get better with time but it's
definitely not gonna be like instantly
good but franchising should fix that
stuff as the years go on and all of this
is like made better in in eSports yeah I
got another comparison like the idea of
a coach and so you should actually
listen to like in season four it was not
a thing like players just didn't want to
listen to support staff ever and now I
think a lot of teams and players are
used to the idea of like after scrim
someone telling them you could have done
this instead yeah cuz that that's only
taken a couple years to get used to and
I'm sure the idea of swapping academy
players in and out more often based off
some things and trying things out will
become more common
funky working well no i just gonna say i
a hundred percent agree with an arrow i
think that building a more
competitive culture that's why I'm
praising teams like fnatic and cloud
nine because I think that what they're
doing
combined with franchising is moving
things in the right direction now I just
I would hope that like well not hope but
let's say cloud nine comes out next week
and puts in Jensen for Keith like Mark
said it's gonna give the other team a
strategic advantage but at the same time
I feel like Jensen could probably pull
out a mean Lucien Ezreal Kaiser the
champions or the marksmen that are
already strong in the bot lane anyway
and then if not well then you've got a
whole midline pool you know a guy who
can play those champions in the bot lane
more effectively than maybe keep game or
sneaky can't even also the add-on that
lets someone put in the chat that like
people forget easy one and Hari or world
champions I think like it kind of shows
like didn't easy you and have to like
they got out like a complaint or
something about even getting a world
skin for him yeah he wasn't gonna get
one at first I think that's fucked up
like that shows just kind of how the
culture is like they don't view it that
the the whole team gets it it's
literally just those five players that
start of got it even though that guy
play games like that just kind of shows
how the culture is like it's very much
not viewed that way by a lot of critical
games too he was very important to their
success that year maybe the skins team
was just like I don't make another
fuckin bull ring like fucking the
janitor that the place gets it a little
an arrow you mentioned that part of the
reason why I teams aren't doing this
stuff is because they're nervous that
everything's gonna change
in a couple weeks isn't is it seems like
a really bad thing like it almost feels
like riot when they make these big
changes it makes some sort of commitment
to the teams that I know we're gonna try
excuse me we're gonna try to cultivate
this environment or keep it going
or like hey this is where an experiment
because it feels weird that like teams
can't fully adjust the changes and they
just can't have to predict or wonder if
something's gonna happen
um man think it's bad if teams approach
it that way but I'm sure some people
probably think that all right right it's
gonna fix this because they probably
don't like that it's not like this cuz
in the past like where what was the
whole juggernaut meta that happened like
right at worlds and then they were like
oh damn this was bad and then it just
went back to 80s after people are
probably expecting that that's probably
gonna happen eventually so if they can
just like tough it out for a bit they're
like oh cool we didn't waste to practice
on this I mean that's a strategy to
approach it but that seems a little
short-sighted to me cuz I'm pretty sure
in some of those patch notes I think
some of those like quick gameplay
thoughts things like Davis I'm pretty
sure they've even gone so far sleek
explicitly state like we want to free up
the bot lane to be more than just
marksman yeah they have some teams might
just be like yeah those are saying that
shit though well that's kind of where I
was gonna go with it next is that like
you know you said that they don't want
to take the risk of okay well we just
avoided this meadow but what happens if
that's just it forever right isn't one
of like the great staples or
characteristics of like an LCS players
to be able to adapt into change
shouldn't you be able to have a player
who can adapt and change and what if
this is just the meta going forward
well maybe crit marksmen come back in
three patches but two patches after that
we're back to where we are now you know
the cycle continues hey thunk thank you
so much for the call appreciate having
you on and looking forward to finding
out how the rest of your diablo 3 run
goes thanks guys I appreciate it glad I
was able to catch it live instead on the
podcast so uh yeah I'll see you next
time Emily said something too by the way
about the like ten man roster you can't
even get supportive international
competitions yeah that sucks I so know
yeah good when you're like a backup
because I can't bring the whole team my
rift rivals I got one so that's it okay
I have a question is you mentioned
reference an arrow so should would it be
better for any LCS teams to sub in their
Academy team for rift rivals and give
their na Tierra like their main roster a
break
I don't think so I think if you need to
break three weeks in that might be a bad
thing maybe if it was later on in the
season my place being like to try
different players but do you think do
you think rift rivals provides a lot of
instructional learning experience for
the main roster do you think it's
valuable for the team because there's
nothing at stake right I think it's
definitely valuable in terms of like
you're literally screaming EU teams live
pretty much that's really kind of all it
is and that's pretty cool but I mean I
think you should use it to try out some
Academy players if you want and just see
how good they are it's like okay if we
lose this it doesn't matter that much
like fans might hate us on reddit but
whatever you think that's gonna hit you
anyways do you think players feel any
pressure at the games the Rif rival
games for sure okay yeah I should know
like compared to LCS because on the one
hand like you said doesn't really matter
in the long run for anything but the
same time there's probably more eyeballs
and the more hype events I didn't know
yeah like it doesn't matter but it does
in terms of like it's bragging rights
and as much as much as it doesn't matter
if you actually win the fact that you're
gonna go on Reddit and see like we won a
trip tribals and we were in a and
they're us now and what if for the next
six months
what have we won by using only Academy
players I be hilarious I mean isn't that
almost worth is so funny like it would
just be funny to do and if it happened
to be like ah hell yeah they suck I mean
I've already happened Mike Young beat
them last year reason Academy yeah it's
pretty embarrassing
thank you that's pretty bad for Europe I
was a shit fest for sure yeah I promise
very fun to be a European player for
that couple weeks until they did better
at Worlds a couple months later yeah but
it was definitely fun for us just
laughing at Europe for a few months
until you know worlds or whatever
happened I just think III doubt the
value of rift rivals and especially
because there's nothing going on and I
think teams enjoy
you can kind of like if your triple
blocking all the time it's kind of nice
to give your team a break and so rift
rivals feels like the type of tournament
where teams should be at least like
considering like how hard do we go at
this so yeah I mean there's there's
definitely a few different approaches
teams have like I think it can even be
better to put all of your practice in at
the start of the split and slowly like
taper things down yeah so it gets a
little bit less stressful as the split
goes on once you're getting into
playoffs but which I think a lot of
people would expect that you would you
would go hardcore at the beginning with
or at the end of the split feel like
yeah really sorry yeah it's actually
something that Denny our old old coach
with echo fox was working with the left
to go back to coaching college and
working working at college talking about
like how sports need Olympics use
tapering like they do a lot more work at
the start of their practice and slowly
they just ease off of doing work until
the very end where they barely practice
in a fan it makes you over perform at
the end which is kind of what like Albus
Knox did unintentionally they practice a
lot and then like the week before
whatever they literally couldn't
practice so they played or Warcraft for
a week and completely avoided the game
and then they did pretty well like I
don't know there's different approaches
to it different theories behind the type
of thing it's pretty cool mark before
you grab the next caller I I want to
talk about something I want to talk
about our sponsor Owen by HP this little
ad break here and talk a little bit
about their support they've been
supporting a ton of things it eSports
all the way down to this itty-bitty tiny
little bit a show and it's it's just
kind of cool to see all the stuff
they've been doing I've given you guys
the spiel before so this week I'm going
to tell you by the way you got a new
keyboard and mouse coming out and just a
little bit and by the way by the way the
cool thing is we are actually giving
away that keyboard and mouse that's
right you guys line up I don't know if
you're allowed to but you can try and we
can see what happens I just put a link
in
twitch chat for the giveaway so people
give sign up there you can check it out
it's it's actually got some really cool
features I think they've got links yeah
they've got links to descriptions
they're doing some interesting stuff
with their accessories at least with
these two new guys so it's actually kind
of cool to see the way that they're
working in that space you know all
obviously a lot of people know them for
their computers but in their laptops but
they also have this line of accessories
that they are developing and these are
the latest set so if you want to win an
omen buy HP keyboard and mouse set all
you need to do I'll link it again just
go to the link if you are watching in
the YouTube pod you can find it in the
description if you're listening to the
podcast come find it on the YouTube pod
it's it's a cool can't wait by the way
that helps me as well when people sign
up so and a lot of the ways you there's
multiple ways to enter they give away a
lot of them are very very actually
they're all pretty easy to do and again
all that stuff helps me so thank you so
much to omen by HP for their support of
the show thank you guys for hitting them
up tweeting at them people still message
me say hey I got an omen by HP computer
this week super cool to see so thank you
so much for to omen by HP for their
support of the show yes unfortunately
it's not available in all the different
regions but hopefully for those of you
that it is available and you can hit it
up I got seven entries you've got seven
entry and you did that in this time yeah
in that time I liked it on Instagram and
I followed on Twitter and I followed
Travis on to it yeah a lot of the stuff
you guys might already be doing by the
way yeah I need to follow you on twitter
let me say I need to link it to twitch
either way just click the link do it
probably in capacity or the rest of the
show trying to get all these yeah very
good well mark maybe you can take a
break from entering the giveaway a grab
our next color Oh fine I also want to
give a shout out to where were we red
bell Z Chaz D tube soory subbed dunk
donkey punch Dan really bravely platonic
and my dogs we have our next time with
us called jinx
yeah lagunas is on the show how's it
gonna look goodness I'm doing pretty
good how you doing Matt
pretty good Wow deep voice deep voice
where where you calling from Fargo North
Dakota Fargo North Dakota can you guys
have a contest to see whose voice is
deeper like you drop a drone how's it
going man I think hey big leaguers twins
this by the way thank you for bringing a
twitch sub what do you want to talk
about on the show today lagunas so I was
gonna talk about the c9 situation but to
kind of put a little bit of preface onto
that because the previous caller got
into it
the cloud9 situation is completely
different than the fnatic situation
because reckless came out and said that
he wanted to have the best team possible
to go in there so I think we all have to
agree that the cloud nine in the fnatic
situation is completely different yeah
yeah I was just comparing the like
community's reaction to it even though
it could have been like beneficial for
c9 before they even saw they were like
no this is the worst thing ever I'm fans
of those guys heck this hoard you know
but I don't think it means that reckless
has like a good approach to he
recognizes that a teammate who's gonna
be better than him and that's that's
good that's what you should have as an
athlete for sure okay so then to lay a
little bit more down on this is the fact
that everybody's coming down on the
players for all they handled this
situation kind of off but if you
actually watch the cloud9
youtube channel they decided that they
were gonna make it youtube video of this
bench you can be like oh hey look at
this we're benching these players and
actually show like the raw emotion side
of it so like that right there kind of
discredits jack saying oh I'm
disappointed in these guys because
pretty much he just clicked baited
everybody for views well I don't know if
I would see click baited everyone for
views yeah if I was if I was the
producer trying to maximize views on it
I would say sneaky and Jensen benched
raw uncut footage area all caps so I
didn't I don't know about cliff baby but
he definitely did
really Steve footage yes yeah I mean I
would definitely say if I was in the
shoes of the person making that decision
I probably wouldn't put that
you too because I think it's a little
fucked for the players I think it's very
my like philosophy towards that is you
should always like praise in public and
punish in private because people's
reputations matter and I think you
should keep that in mind but I mean you
know people have different approaches
that's their decision I guess what did
you think of breaking point in arrow I
also thought it was pretty bad yeah what
do you think oh and our talk and
everyone that was involved management
wise look hell about when do you think
about the initial rebirth episode where
we benched a piglet I think honestly I
don't remember all of that one
completely but I think any time as a
concept if you're like videoing someone
getting benched it's maybe not the best
thing to just put in the public I think
it's just kind of weird unless the
player is just like oh I'm cool with it
you know like it's a good benching like
hey you know what this player deserves
it and then maybe that players like
talking about it like yeah I think my
teammates should be playing because he's
playing better or something
yeah which is probably just not gonna
happen there's a lot of people aren't
gonna be like that I think it's I think
it's a little touchy area that probably
should be avoided I what I'm somewhat
surprised by this because in or by Jack
because in the overwatch team Noah I
think a lot of people don't know this
but Noah released like he did they came
out with this video they're like hey
we're going to be super transparent all
the time we're gonna be the most
transparent of any team show ever and
they showed a conversation between Noah
and one of his players in the in-and-out
parking lot see people are already
spamming in and out in the twitch chat
and in and out became a meme because in
there was a conversation between him
where he was basically threatening to
bench him and people I think did not
think that this was very professional
and he got a lot of shit for it that's
my understanding of it and it became
like a mean so I was somewhat surprised
that like I think doing that video and
saying it's a like airing interviews oh
yeah Jack came in last night talked to
us benched us like we're trying hard to
do this Jack explaining why he did it
actually showing it and by the way like
oh it doesn't
look good when you're showing it and
it's happening in front of everybody
yeah yeah I think that's the weirdest
part of it because I would have to go
back and watch it initial rebirth too
but like we had like a bunch of meetings
and we showed some of that stuff and I
thought we did a decent job at it cuz we
didn't like we should we had footage of
the bench but we didn't have much the
conversation included in there yeah if I
remember correctly and then I think the
bigger issue that a lot of people who
said that I also agree with was like
doing it in a group setting first was
really weird and not like talking them
one-on-one of what was gonna happen so
like I think you can question the
decision to release it at all and you
can definitely question the actual
benching process I also think like to
languish first point about how the
players got blasted like I don't think
they were that great either like the the
memeing tweets like I get that that's
kind of their brand but that's not
theirs about yeah there's a time it was
bad all around oh yeah maybe do
something individually before which I
agree I think before you should have
like a one-on-one like hey this is
happening for this we're gonna like talk
to all the players as well and make sure
everyone's aware but I want you to know
ahead of time so that way like you're
not caught off guard in front of
everyone and embarrass because I think
players should have time to like prepare
for that mentally so they're at least
like recovery yeah I think you don't
they're in the room when you're having
this conversation like you go talk to
the players individually and then
players are gone you call everybody else
except for them in the room and you say
hey look this is what's happening and
maybe and you film like footage of the
conversation you don't necessarily do
they have the whole thing in there
there's just like so many layers deep
the crazy thing about this is that I
thought after my interview with Jack
where he kind of explained the behind
the scenes on a list and then like
Reaper did the interview with inven
where they strangely titles it like his
real reason or whatever but they like
those both seemed like this hardcore
sneaky fans were still never happy and
spamming not my c9 but a lot of people
were like hey look it's an unpopular
decision and so it was so weird to me
that like a two days later they just
like drop the shit and that was like
okay now yeah I was like they were just
winning the public opinion battle and
then they just kind of shot them but
yeah it was really weird
so anyways on to other things like
building this building this mentality
that you're gonna make players be more
professional or actually go for the wins
like I don't think that cloud9 had the
Academy players to actually pull through
with this like with echo fox you guys
could have subbed in in the bot lane but
I mean you look across as golden glue as
a proven commodity Keith is a proven
commodity these guys have losing win
rates even in the Academy League so I
don't see I means asel is kind of an
outlier he doesn't have enough past to
say maybe he is better than smoothy
maybe he's even or something like that
but when you're subbing in that and
you're taking out sneaky and Jensen who
are proving commodities have positive
wind rates going against the best in the
world the best in na and all that like
that's a hard sell to me as far as
statistics go I don't I don't know I
mean I think there's a couple things
there one Jack suddenly interview with
me that Reaper came to him and said
there's no way we make playoffs with
Claude with this cloud9 roster I think
you then feel like if you've got a bunch
of guys that are trying hard it's
reasonable to put them in I think the
other thing is you can't I I think for a
while
I mean interested in Tomarken and a
narrows opinion on this but I feel like
for a while players have been able to
kind of bully their position in the LCS
right like well it's halfway through the
split I you don't like what I'm doing
well what are you gonna do bench me like
I've heard stories of like what players
literally saying what are you gonna do
bench me and because there's not usually
like a second string of players it's not
like traditional sports we were talking
about this earlier you can't just like
bring in players and so I think I look I
don't think that the way this was
handled right was right but the concept
the concept of you've got players who
you feel are not putting forth their
best effort and you are now going to sub
them out for somebody
is I think that might be a better
long-term play than just accepting
players who are not trying hard
yeah but the to try hard mentality you
can give a six-year-old the keyboard and
say that they're trying hard it has to
do with are they better than the
competition that they're gonna go up
against
I don't think entirely has to do with it
right like if faker suddenly stops
trying that hard and he's still a little
bit better but you've got like a second
string mid laner who can get in there
and maybe do some better work like I
think even then you still consider you
should be considering taking about an
arrow mark again like this is more your
field where do you guys think well I
think like the concept of environment as
abstract as it is is really really
important and so like according to
reboot and Jack and I said we all have
to really go on it's like the
environment of the team was just not
competitive like they had been the
starters trial for the LCS squad of c9
for like three plus years for a lot of
them and they didn't seem like according
once again according to the other people
that they were taking the losses too
seriously and like yeah they're trying
they're playing the games they're doing
the things but there's going through the
motions and there's like your actual
Drive and motivation and assuming that
that had dropped and they weren't
performing well they fucking tanked the
second half of spring split and then got
destroyed in the quarterfinals right
like and then your your offseason scrims
are not going well and your guys don't
seem to care like that's if that's the
the narrative that you're working with
like yeah they should probably probably
get benched cuz even if you know they're
not as even if they're better than your
academy players like they need a fire
into their ass yeah um so just going off
of what c9 said like I know nothing
about how Jenson sneaky are in scrims
but say that they just have players that
aren't actually trying that shit is
infectious for sure but have you ever
had like a group project in school and
you've got like one guy who just doesn't
want to do work I don't know about you
but when that happens I'm like fuck that
guy I don't want to do work either like
I'm not like this show I would be doing
way more for the show of Mark tonight
star but he just folds it in so I can go
get dinner right now yeah yeah like that
that is contagious as how some guy in
the chat also just hit it too
workout that gets contagious and made
like I don't think they handled it
correctly at least from a public
perspective but if they're trying to
like fix the work ethic in their team
and they've seen like negative aspects
of that that have shown you should you
should find a way to fix it and if this
is the approach they thought was best
and they should have taken that approach
like I think the individual player
aspect of things obviously matters to a
certain extent but this is a team game
and if as a team you're not able to get
practice because your work ethic in
scrims is bad and you're not able to
improve as a team and you're just
constantly stagnating because everyone's
work I think it's now bad because of
like one or two people pulling that down
then you should make a move like that
like players are under a contract to
perform a certain way and to fulfill
their job and you just gotta find ways
to make that happen and if they bring in
the others down you have to fix it yeah
JJ amen in 12 and says oh hey sneaky was
one game away from and winning LCS a
year ago oh no he's so bad it doesn't
like in my mind Jack and Reaper never
came out and said never came out said
these guys suck so we're bringing in the
real stars golden glue and like they it
all had to do with the mentality that
they were bringing and that's separate
from skill so but it's it's how they
announced it and how they try selling if
they're trying to sell it like reapered
saying we weren't going to make playoffs
with the team the way it was well you're
not gonna make playoffs with this team
either so at that point is kind of shit
right there and then as far as other
like they're the practice and all that
like doesn't a certain amount of that
fall on you and arrow like if you're if
your squad is not motivated to practice
doesn't that show that you as a coach
are not motivating them good enough yes
and that is why you have to find ways to
motivate I think that it like the fact
that they're having to do it now is
probably a big issue because it's a bit
late you know but yes that is on the
coach like if your players aren't
motivated that is on your coaching staff
to be motivating them and finding what
the source of that is that's like they
just seems like that that if Reaper
thought this then I can understand why
they would go for that I don't know the
internal aspects so it's hard to say
what is correct
but he's essentially doing his job yeah
that's that's such a weird weird take on
it like shouldn't the coach motivate
them and then the coach does something
to motivate them and then you've
criticized it for it that seems kind of
backwards no no that doesn't seem
backwards because if it got to this
point then why wasn't he able to do
anything before this point right I mean
it's like emotional helmet where he's
like oh you're right let me uh mind
control sneaky back into being
passionate about competitively Legends
like yeah but you you have to catch it
early like he has a point it those
problems are there and you can
definitely see it and I've done the same
thing in the past where I have not
caught it early enough and it like a
Dawei at things and you have to be aware
of it and it's one of the things that
I've tried to like pick up on as a coach
like you have to hit it early because
once it becomes a habit and it's there
you're fucked like it's completely over
for you and it will be a problem and the
only solution is basically removing it
entirely yeah right and that's that's my
point like you should catch it earlier
but once you don't and if mistakes
happen the other option which is just to
sit there and deal with it and just let
these guys have that attitude for a
whole split is even worse so like you
can recognize your mistake that it got
really bad and we need to fix this or
you can do nothing and like I don't I
don't understand that like the coach is
doing what he thinks he should do I
think you can say that they message it
wrong maybe this won't result in them
winning they should have done more early
on but I don't understand the criticism
of like wow they're trying to motivate
guys who are unmotivated also like they
may have tried something internally
before this too and we have no idea like
they may have already tried different
ways to motivate and they could have had
like an idea this is a problem
beforehand and they haven't been able to
fix it and it just got to the point
where like they felt it was a lost cause
so then if they got to this sometimes
pitcher in a narrow everyone but if we
don't move on from the topic I feel like
we'll get stuck on it for a long time
and so and we do have several more
callers to go through so yeah thank you
for calling in that's a pretty good
point though like mr. Coleman yep
all right moving on to the next caller
let's see who do we got in the shoutouts
here Denny nooks reset for two months
this is pic my fuckin topic that's not
how it works but Thank You Cascadian
alien has soaked Connor 314 says five
months because he said for five months
singing her abyss Reaper reset for three
months this is Keef hotline going on
forever move to the sub corner I don't
know what that is Sakura sue subbed Ruby
C sub tic-tac-toe ninja subbed snugs
music ventas official and so many things
szentendre buts thank you to all those
individuals that I guess I guess I do
have to read his donation message raised
and Lazarus donated $10 said hi Travis I
love you Nick
heart heart heart mark I don't have
enough time to call in but ask Nick why
teams and na keep picking aatrox blind
was shit like Renekton up also sing me a
lullaby I'm going to sleep killing you
guy is here killing you guy where you
calling from
I'm calling from Newington Connecticut
it looks like you're playing hearthstone
I was playing cards done because I come
on the show to just close out of every
other program a guy found on the show
open up some porn hentai visual novel
game so Travis reads it out loud doesn't
know that's very thanks for being a
twitch sub killing you guy what do you
want to talk about on the show hey so I
just kind of wanted to get an arrows
perspective on you know with all the
crazy changes happening in the meta you
know obviously there's a lot of strong
personalities in the house like like
Cooney and Doc you know plus you know
with with things like rule swapping
going on and you know changes going on
from the academy Rossford to the main
roster you know I'm sure you probably
get some opinions from the bot lane in
terms of what they think is important
etcetera how deep how you kind of you
know dealing with all these yeah I guess
I guess there's probably lot of strong
opinions in the house and how it tells
all that being managed I mean I remember
I saw you on stage against that uptick
game and I just remember there's one
point during
select it look like your eyes are
bugging out of your head so I got I'm a
funny-looking dude is just gonna happen
sometimes like nothing Crazy's happening
on stage at that in terms of like
keeping the personalities in check I
don't think it's really as insane as
people think when you have like a lot of
personalities they kind of balance each
other out and the fact that they're all
just talking and they all have opinions
and it's just kind of mediating those
discussions to make sure everyone feels
like they've been hurt and feels like
their opinion is actually being
justified and you only run into problems
when someone thinks that their opinion
didn't get hurt or it feels like their
ideas aren't being taken and understood
and actually used so it's just balancing
around that and kind of getting the
whole team onto the same like way to
play like alright we think this is the
best way to play and this is our best
way for success so we're all gonna try
to do this to make it happen right but I
don't think it's as hard as people make
it out to be killing you guys what do
you is that what do you what do you do
what's your take on that so good answer
yeah I think why number two Travis you
interviewed doc at the beginning of last
but I remember you know there was some
early on interactions with in the Mooney
where he had mentioned something in the
interview where you know he had
challenged Mooney about some decision
about ganking top lane and he said no
you're wrong because XY and Z it's like
okay will you ride SKT so yeah yeah so I
mean I'm not sure if it's still the case
in the house or if sharks maybe kind of
the courage to speak up more about
certain things or oh yeah Josh having
the courage to speak up about things is
something that's never gonna disappear
don't worry like if he has an idea about
something he's gonna bring it up but
that's like most of the players on the
team and something we've been pretty
vocal about it's like with all of this
all of you have to speak up but you
can't just let one or two people dictate
the discussion because if you do and you
don't put your point in you are not
helping anything out at all and maybe
you have a different idea of the game
and we don't know it and then you go
into game and you do something different
while everyone else is doing the rest
and then you're just off on your own
doing something that's just not on the
same page and that's pretty bad so we
make sure everyone talks about it
and I at least hear everyone's opinion
when we have those discussions so that
way everyone feels heard but yeah I mean
Josh and hooni are definitely the two
that talked the most in games and
outside of game with their opinions but
I think everyone probably expected that
just looking at the team from the
outside yeah
oh no sorry this conversation there's
some test to my keyboard down here wait
for 40 minutes for us I mean I think
that's fine I just think they could
probably stop once they get here you are
eating it's fine okay I I don't know
killing you guys anything else that you
would you would follow it up with or
maybe just a quick call tonight yeah
just a quick shout out to them by HP hey
thank you finally finally I paid all
these people so much money and they
always fall through thing also and also
Travis you should get an iron that's the
other things you mentioned that you need
all right I think we're ready for the
next caller
[Music]
yeah so let's let's move on racin Randy
83 X has subbed suave suave e subbed
Rainer TV subbed a Laguna sent 50
dollars and says we'll call it a draw
mark so thank you Laguna so thank you
for your call sorry we couldn't keep
going embossed one has subbed and geeked
out reset first he wants more double if
less Travis keep up the good work
alright let's just move on alright looks
like we're still waiting for the nice
color I do have a steamer by the way
that is true I have a steamer just kids
my shirt you know well see there's a lot
of moving around so in case people are
wondering why I see me to get the next
call there's someone in there who has
been there for a while and like I go in
then I'm like are you here and then that
you can hear them click and they light
up but then they don't say anything they
don't hear you and they do cuz I'll come
in I'll be like are you here
and like you know turn green and I'll
hear a click yeah but there a chance
that they're just doing stuff and then
like the you know like their dis
courtesan set up to hear you or
something I I don't know okay well it's
good to know that somebody's in there to
hear it yeah
tic-tac-toe ninja has called what where
you from tic-tac-toe ninja Tampa Florida
very good so another Florida caller
you've been playing Rome L'Oreal for the
last five minutes yeah this is on the
background not playing at all I don't
know how people don't get this what do
you want to talk about on the show
tonight
well first I want to say you guys are
Titans of this industry love all of your
stuff I just want to talk about what all
of your feelings are towards riff Ryles
how tal will do
I believe they're going in echo fox and
then what would your expectations would
be zero for echo fox cuz i can't wait to
see who and you just trash everybody
I've been waiting for that I mean my
expectation
expectations are is pretty high with it
but I mean we might go in and try some
stuff too it's not it's not the biggest
concern in front of us at the moment to
be honest um but I always expect this to
do well and I'd really want to shit on
EU teams personally so I do have high
expectations for sure for the pride yeah
dude I started off in Europe I want to I
want to give those people shit you know
like I still get down for the the
regional wars with everything yeah I'll
hype up in a even though I think na
sucks like I'm down well so deep what do
you really think do you think North
America is gonna do well Everest rivals
yeah cuz I think Europe sucks too and my
grand scheme of things I think everyone
sucks yeah and the grand scheme of
things but we're playing just each other
yeah I mean I think we suck a little bit
less you know I think we're we're are a
in Europe's like just below alright
people are saying gee choose like the
best Western team right now yeah
have you watched you - hook grabs yeah
watch you - grabs is my boy I like the
coach a whole lot but uh I really want
to be g2 I really want to beat him what
you ready for their funnel because
they've just been funneling perks I'm
not scared of funnel strats man
I don't think funnel strats ROP I feel
like we have a way to beat it we just
haven't done it on stage yet I don't
think funnel scary at all Cooney just
like doing some weird crazy crap I can't
say it man like we've realized that we
bit like mooning on Timo and then he
pissed the mushrooms in the river they
can't he set something up thank you yeah
do I I lost mine about a year ago so I
mean apparently you hire anyone
you hired a guy who just snaps you gave
an internship who me mid versus parts is
that what I'm hearing
I mean maybe but I want to play against
that stuff if Europe's down for funnels
I want to play against funnels I think
funnels are hella fun to play against
into play as that'll be cool yeah it's
just good practice I think what do your
players think about funnels because I
know a lot of jungle or mid whoever it
is up whoever ends up having to be the
support he's usually very upset like
yang Coast is mad we heard a couple
other Korean players just be like dude I
don't want to funnel this is not why I
signed up to play mid lane or is your
team like a hundred percent like no we
love it but it we you know if it's the
right strategy let's go I think for the
most part they like it I think it's not
that bad if you're playing funnel you
should be fighting anyways so
essentially you've just picked a role to
fight for the most part like you should
be fighting on that mid wave the whole
time by the way if you're playing funnel
for the most part so I think they like
it I think it's just an excuse to scrap
for the entire game so why not I haven't
heard any issues with it except for when
we lose on it that's the only time it
feels bad as if you're losing cuz it's
just like ah I guess we have to wait for
20 minutes until I hit these items now
and I can't fight them unlucky yeah it's
not it's not that bad we swap players
around a lot to it so no one's really
that uncomfortable in the role
you know I'm excited for revivals I
think you should be interesting
Travis what do you think you think have
you watched in a Europe no um I don't
watch that
what does that cutiepie quote me on this
no I I don't know how North America is
gonna do I assume we did well last year
it's on North American territory we
should it's all Ivy League North
America's best when everybody counts
them out and I feel like people will be
like oh gee cheese so good in North
America like by that point in time I
assume things will still be wacky and
weird and everyone will be winning and
losing because it's only a couple weeks
away and so I think a lot of people will
expect you to win so that means North
America will do well so what we really
need is another one of those right
threads to go up where it's like this
just seems like a lose this just seems
like another event that's gonna be
horrible for Europe because we have to
play North America yeah yeah what we
need that is right what is it like it's
it's ope like Korea I'm trying to have
an advantage because they get to play
against each other whereas EU has to
play against North America yeah we need
that threat again I love that shit
tic-tac-toe I hope she makes it
tic-tac-toe ninja thank you so much for
your call thank you guys for having me
have a good one thank you for leaving so
politely not telling Travis to get naked
let's move on to the next caller I have
a question I don't know if anyone else
is gonna ask you it you know you love
talking about this stuff Travis as much
as you medium no one watches Europe
their viewership is up yeah let's go
North America's has been down a little
bit thoughts takes opinions in North
America we go on vacations during the
summer and in Europe they just watch you
will see us that is true that is what
Europe does yeah so he's got a point
makes a lot of times to me so no real
fox great no I'm happy
look if you want if there is a time for
EU LCS to get a good viewership surge it
is like right now before they get the
franchising thing going and so I think
it's really good that this is hitting I
also think that they've made a lot of
improvements
their broadcasts over time and I think
they had a rough couple years and now
they're like routing out of it so I
think it's good and and I make I'm happy
for them the concerns about North
America viewership I mean I don't know I
think MSI and North America not doing
well and it being broadcast at a weird
time and that event overall being less
hype and then like a pretty long break
is not good but viewership to my
understanding always goes down from
spring to summer every year it generally
does because like I mean about the
vacation thing but I think it's true
like spring split is hype because you've
had like this long break it's the start
of the year everybody's like but during
the summer people are traveling more
they're doing other things they aren't
you know having LCS on while doing
homework for college so it's like a
pretty common thing for this to hit it's
hitting a little harder than I expected
by the way like I think at one point
time we had like 75 or 85 thousand on
the twitch stream that feels real bad
I'm sure there's a ton of people on ESPN
plus that's what's happening all right
all those beers they went to es mutant
ones they took out their credit cards
they paid their money so they can watch
LCS on ESPN plus I'll get the next
caller okay liquid Steve is in the chat
liquid steve says what's up hello Steve
how are you everyone say hi to Steve
welcome Steven yeah I started watching
leave cheap stream you know I think a
lot of people are watching the YouTube
stream but even then I think your ship
is still down we fixed the microphone
hello the bad wolf what happened here
notifications but they couldn't hear any
volumes no I can't I okay I have googled
the name of the game that you're playing
oh it's a smiley face it's a sideways
yeah HJ it's like if you look at it from
the side what is this what is the dot
above the J supposed to be and the
my face just kind of ruins it yeah
Starseed hi Nick Oh what up oh you guys
know what isn't it yeah apparently I
know all your callers bro yeah why what
how do you guys know what's the awkward
snapchat relationship with this one yes
because apparently one of the caller's
Nick since daily snaps - hi we got his
job at Fox what's wrong with my snapchat
like history bro come on how do you guys
know each other okay
hey the bed will freak on from chica
okay so nearby yeah what do you want to
talk about the show thing so my
questions are related to scouting and
tell the meta could potentially change
that so like for instance do you think
that teams are going to start looking
for more versatile players because of
the current meta how you know mages are
going everywhere sore bruisers Wizards
are I'm sorry okay yeah I think so I
think it's kind of always been like that
a bit where you try to avoid players
that are just playing a few champions
but I think it'll definitely be
something that gets maybe thought about
if the meta stays like this if the meta
obviously just goes back to the way it
was before people probably won't care at
all another slicky players the same way
but I don't even know really how much
every people put into scouting from
other teams it's kind of hard to say but
I know that we would definitely look at
that and I would look at that for sure
well when you say scouting do you mean
scouting new players or the other teams
scotty new players like just
up-and-coming players so there's like
for a while we've kind of been recycling
old talent and just reusing it this
season I think so first season where new
players have came in no we I mean we've
had for a couple seasons we've had some
big stars like moon was there last year
unfortunately not back this year but
Acadians still around like we bring in
new talent they just don't stick around
for they don't hang out of the top teams
for a while just new tumblers Travis
what
new junglers yeah it was like there's a
Cody son if I was a jungler I was gonna
say Inori nor was around for a little
bit
always get mixed up with him by the way
so I think it's weird cuz with the
inclusion of scouting grounds and
Academy League I wonder like if in some
ways having a like scouting soloqueue is
even like less important than before
because you can kind of wait till those
events and those kinds of things like
the way it always worked before was like
your players playing soloqueue against
this random guy and then they're like
hey he's pretty good and they add them
we can appreciate I was the New York's
and Mike Young story that they talked
about
that's how Team Liquid found Phoenix
initially and all that stuff so I I'll
go ahead sorry no no you gotta just say
like I think so look who's kind of
whatever for the most part it matters a
bit but I got a first strike of Fox's
pretty adamant about the fact that we
should do like the scouting boot camp
and just like invite players once summer
came and did the same thing at Tanner
minds - I just like hosted a scouting
thing because I knew no one in Australia
and I just I want to see these people
play in like a team environment at least
cuz soloqueue is yeah kind of shit for
the most part and I think teams should
migrate to doing that type of thing I
think it's super important you kind of
need it but you pull from solo queue for
the scouting ground yeah but we
definitely didn't just get like
challenger only this rank or higher real
Indies players it was just we went for
like a grab bag type of thing like we
had some players who didn't look as
great and some players that were amazing
from it
yeah Cody is the like I think the only
one that's not a jungler recently but
yeah I think those scouting things are
super important the team should do and
you definitely get to see how flexible
players are because like we brought some
people in just like yeah I only know how
to play like to chance really and like I
play these chants but I'm being honest
get him out you got that a lot I
wouldn't kick him out it's just like I
dude that's cool if that's your thing
let's see how good you are these champs
we put their bags in the store
and say yeah we just holler like get out
of here you fucking loser
we've had enough for you and then that's
not definitely what about him
isn't he another player another rookie
yeah sure what about licorice you know
it's funny there's only one rookie this
splits asel he already automatically
wins from k of the split unless they
change the kind of overbearing rookie
likes it like it's if you play two games
or more you're not a rookie he won't be
the only rookie though so it's all good
oh you're gonna bench somebody I don't
know bro who is it who's on your Academy
team that hasn't played two games lost
loss is gonna be a rookie all Tech's
getting benched
lots of pride play some games hey
there's a good player and it's not like
benching people men it's just you know
if there's an opportune
get in here dude get you a shot like
we've got like playoff secured and stuff
too which we did it like the end of the
split to like your players of break it's
like all right it's your chance like get
up there show people that you can
actually play the game and what you're
worth and this is your chance to get a
shot the bad wolf do you have other yes
you guys are saying so what is the way
that new and upcoming talent you know
gets noticed you have to have some
social connection because that's life
like it was at one point might be think
of some players who just had a lot of
Twitter followers and then someone
noticed them because they were friends
with a pro player then they got in so
like four new people now what do you
think is the best way to get on a pro
team playing academy or playing amateur
lee well i think once you're on academy
you're already kind of set you had like
your chance to show your worth and it's
getting dick a demean it's the hard part
the social connection thing
unfortunately still matters that is
definitely a thing networking yourself
is just kind of gonna be there for a
while until everything's a bit better
than it is now but even in other sports
that probably exists to a certain extent
well honestly just playing solo cute is
enough playing solo q
just saying like hey I'm good you're
eventually gonna be able to pop up
somewhere like people watch soloqueue
teams watch it players also talk about
who they play with like I hear a lot
about what players say like all this
guy's kind of bad this guy I actually
think he's not bad and those names will
stick so as long as you're playing solo
q you should be good but yeah
unfortunately networking is always gonna
be there yeah I mean another approach
and we got invert in the chat but the
University of Toronto guys like they
played in collegiate they got to the
finals they love losing or whatever but
then invert message apparently is his
story he like messaged all the teams and
said like you should get these guys for
Academy or something and then no area
and JJ and him all got picked up by
flight quests I'm pretty sure so there's
a couple other things besides just
straight solo q but still accuse the
most surefire way like if you're just a
beast and like you go carry a pro
players game they're gonna they're gonna
talk about that probably yeah like
they'll say wow that guy's insane
there's nuts and if I hear that like
I'll remember it like it'll stick in my
head so the bad wolf did you hack
discord to show a smiley face no I just
changed the name of Google Chrome or
like the game I changed it to the 8j the
roster swaps you guys are already
talking about earlier I want to know if
you guys think that that's entirely due
to underperforming or maybe not being
motivated or if it's also because of the
meta changes probably bit of both
honestly try not just one or the other
but both probably play a factor I'm
assuming as long as the c9 thing right
yeah even like reckless may be Adrian
this week yeah in terms of a key spike I
think it's kind of cute by cases like
the reckless one she sounds motivated
sounds like you know he wants to play
and is putting an effort we haven't
heard anything from the org otherwise
but like sticking him on Janna and karma
just doesn't seem like a good use of
resources apparently and if they have to
play major is like or bruisers widows
probably better
so like that that feels like a pretty
meta one the c91 maybe the meta was a
bit of the catalyst where it's like look
at all this wacky shit in like an arrow
was saying earlier like maybe some teams
and players were thinking along the
lines that the meta will change back
soon and maybe and it's purely
speculative but maybe that played into
the CNI situation where they already
might have been had motivation issues
and then when this like crazy shit comes
out maybe one of the players is like I'm
not playing fucking rise in the bot lane
and who knows well but that's like I
said all speculation yeah also to hit on
that Adrian thing just so people are
Adrian's not like benched
he's just playing with lost like that's
what we have him doing and thanks
playing with Alltech see you calling
thing yeah I call it Fang it's
pronounced Fung like you feel like she
was something out of a tube it's like
foam like that okay that's just that's
too hard so does they think so in at LCS
like you just get as a caster you get
blasted for saying something wrong my
producer gets my dear every time I say
alloy rim instead of Ellora yeah which
I'm just like goddammit ood and so what
they've actually done it for Fang bong
they actually write fu ng in the
prompter so we say it correctly yeah
hello I think he's maybe messing with
you all a bit but that is how it's
pronounced what is the noise that it
makes wasn't your feet something out of
a tube just fuck you never shot
something out of a tube that's why you
make the noise again Travis have you
ever shot a potato cannon in your life
no what we already established Travis
they know what a fucking ropes course
whoa Jesus hmm potato Canada LCS when we
and that's actually sounds thing I would
do as these were at the end of the
interview people shoot a potato out of a
cannon it's if there's tailgating now at
the LCS if you guys haven't been in a
while go check it out you can go
apparently
shortly shoot a potato cannon in the
parking lot with the echo fox tailgate
counts as a weapon though I don't know
yeah I don't think they would see our D
woods
so you could do whatever and you were
fine I had a flaming arrow you see that
bit flaming arrows are fun yeah we at
the countdown I lit up arrow on firing
you know yes yeah no I shot a potato out
of a potato cannon the bad wolf all
right it's good having you other show
sounds like you've already moved on
[Music]
right they're so fun like it's fun for
like two minutes and then you're like oh
that was cool and you move on with life
but it's an experience for sure have a
good night thank you for calling yeah
all right moving on we are come on quiet
pirate have subt and so did boom fuss so
thank you to both of them we're getting
caught up on subs I don't have anything
to do
easy stay safe is here easy stay safe
where you come from I'm from Austin
Texas Arlington Texas darling you're
calling from Arlington Texas do I need
to speak up that's yeah I think you're
kind of cut I think we might be losing
like the beginning part of your if you
see something like yeah I'll just I'll
just try to be a little bit slower and
water okay what do you want to talk
about in the show today questions kind
of topics the first one was what the
fuck sorry what wait we could hear him
what do you do no I I was my thing
wasn't working I was trying to talk the
whole time and say okay I think this
court was breaking yesterday safe yeah
let's go with that yes stay safe go
ahead Octavia all right yeah the first
thing was that I feel like I'm just get
a mental block with who this confidence
whether it is stress from the draft
itself or in the mid-game like coz
and K gold over CGM clergymen and they
just played so passively they waited it
out a 13-3 infernals and then one rate
then they pulled the plug when they knew
that they were going to win I think I
think a lot of teams do this they don't
go out there
claim to win in and said they play to
hopefully get to the point where they
get again to you I agree with that
I like that I was saying that at LCS
this week I think a lot of teams do that
and I think it's a problem that na has
teams I think are very scared to go out
there at the mentality like hey I'm
better than these other players I think
they're bad I'm gonna go dominate them
and they go on stage and said like all
right to win we just have to get to this
point we'll do this we'll wait for that
to happen and I think that's the wrong
approach I think a lot of teams do that
like it happens in every region but it
kind of seems like at least just working
in na like I'm more aware over here I
think it's very common that teams are
scared to win and to make that risk
because they're worried about losing so
I mean isn't it better to play safe I
mean his his name the club's name is as
stays safe so but isn't it better to
play safe because you're you're playing
less risky and have a higher chance of
winning I think if you're playing to
avoid risk rather than playing smart
you're playing incorrect like it's
better at least with my philosophy for
it it is better to go out there and just
mess up and like throw the game super
hard trying to win than it is to just
wait and hope for the other team to mess
up and then just capitalize on them
making some like major mistake at 30
minutes getting bearing and winning I
think that is not how you improve as a
team and it gets not how you learn how
to win and is ultimately something that
holds us back from competing
internationally and competing at Worlds
because people are too scared to
actually win and lose because they tried
to win mark do you have the same take uh
kind of I think I was definitely someone
who
who wanted to when I was coaching have a
really set strategy that should be
followed a certain way and you know not
ask people to dominate in order to win
so like obviously my biggest like
coaching Idol was Bill Belichick and
he's always famous for really saying
like do your job and that was kind of
the approach that we took with it which
was like our drafts and like our
preparation stuff should set us up with
a situation that like everyone has a
certain role that they're doing within
the game and like your most important
thing is doing that role and I think I
still like that approach but I
definitely agree like if that's all
you're trying to do you're probably not
doing enough like if you're playing Shen
and you're like at six my job is to alt
bottom when it's time to come that
doesn't mean you like bitch out the lane
face and play like a pussy and I think
sometimes my like I was definitely
pushing that a little too hard at points
where I'd be like oh yeah you didn't
like in supposed all right I'm cutting
in and out of here yeah yeah just for a
little bit just motherfucker
anyways I was saying that I was
definitely guilty of sometimes pushing
players a little too hard in the like do
your role thing and not enough freedom
but so I agreed that like with Nick in
his point but I still think like when I
approach a draft or something like that
I want people to be executing the comp a
certain way yeah you have to do a little
bit of both but you should have a script
basically for how the game should play
out with what you've done but you must
be willing to go off of it based off
what the other team does and like some
of your conditions and it should be that
you should be winning lane like if I
picked this you must be winning your
lane yeah and you must be playing around
how to do that and if you like take the
safe approach to it you're playing in
correctly and just because you know you
can win the game because you weight
doesn't make it the correct call but
yeah it should be a bit of both yeah and
like you just said like things change if
you pick like in Orianna me to like
support some hyper scaling ad carry
and like you're like you know we don't
want to be too aggressive in the early
game but then you're orianna's 300 with
like double pen items like that's a
situation a player needs to recognize
and be like I can start destroying my
mid laner with qlw combos
to play up in his face and generally was
gonna play around me a lot more I think
recognized like situational awareness is
all it really is yeah sure and it's not
you got to learn that but being willing
to mess up like overextending your leads
right yeah hey
as they say thank you so much for your
call I had a mission I'm just worried
that we might not be able to hear you
say it but go for it um the other thing
I wanted talk about was that instead of
just shopping top layers and mid leaders
of junglers in the bot lane and calling
that diversity champions like Maury DC's
they're different than just crit like
the only to chat against they're really
in the matter when crit was nerfed they
both without inherently different
playstyles measure does more for poke
you know he has a different build path
he's a close marksman with more ability
usage and so just thought it's having a
different look that so instead of just
like shoving all kinds of champion in
the what lane I think you said more
diverse in how EB champions you know a
narrow thoughts were you able to cut
that I didn't really catch the like gist
of the question I caught like some of it
but not exactly yeah asking was it so I
think what he was saying was he would
prefer if rather than putting a bunch of
champions and of other arc types down
the bot lane and calling it diversity if
the marksmen position marked marksmen
archetype itself just had more diversity
so there were more things like Corki and
stuff like that that I guess I think
that was this point yeah if that was it
then yeah I agree I think it's cool I
think having different types of carries
would be nice I mean you're just gonna
end up with casters then that'll
probably end up going mid lane to
usually those champions are like ones
that spike on one or two items rather
than spiking really late which is
essentially why 80 carries go bot lane
in the first place with the support is
because they have someone to help them
because all they care about is items
rather than levels and those people that
spike on like one or two items usually
are just
wanting levels because their items come
very fast so they just solo lane and
said but I mean it would be cool I'd be
down for it for sure thank you so much
my opinion is just why not both like I
agree that marksmen should be more
differentiate than just like I'm a crit
with an escape I'm a crit with this
thing but I also like the idea that you
can play blad or Yasuo in the bot lane
thank you so much as they say for the
call okay thanks okay I got two more
callers we're wrapping stuff up no new
subs to shut out that's disappointing
hey format so how are you doing where
you called from Khan from shot air force
base Shaw Air Force Base where's that
Carlo
South Carolina okay yeah very good what
moved here January Oh what do you want
to talk about I just want to talk about
how I look at the background by the way
that's a door sorry that's probably my
chair if I'm Mike's picking up
everything just sounds like there's like
construction behind you so this is an
Air Force Base so every now and then you
might hear a plane fly over yeah it's
usually not that loud okay so I was just
gonna say that I think rights banning
system and like soloqueue and stuff like
that is a little too harsh like for
players who are very competitive and
whatnot and the only reason I'm saying
that is like I understand that people
deserve to get banned if they say
anything as far as like racist or
homophobic or you know just really put
it like threatening players and you know
like I'm gonna come to your house and
kill you that kind of stuff I think
that's like that's way out of line
that's ridiculous and I know that this
has been dealt with like the law before
and whatnot but I think that like just
the fact that players can criticize
other players in like meaningful ways
and you know players who don't take
criticism well will just report them you
know they don't they don't want to take
the criticism or anything like that and
you have a mute button on the game but
after enough reports you know right it's
gonna ban you for two weeks and say you
know you're just playing the game you
just want to put in your input often
when you're coming in like hey this
isn't like happening or like I don't
think that this is gonna work or like
you know even if you tell a player that
they're doing bad you hear people like
double-up say stuff like that like often
like this player is just bad and for
this reason and I think that that's kind
of like like I think that the fact that
they ban people and people can even get
permanently banned after a while is just
kind of ridiculous like I understand
baiting them for like a month like hey
shot with your stuff you know like okay
maybe they come back they're a little
bit more better but I just think that
the whole like banning system is a
little overdoing it like you were too
sensitive
yeah I've been banned yeah before have
you been permanently banned no I have
had I have had friends who were
primarily banned and when you get
permabanned um so they showed me you can
log into your account and look at and
look at like your chat logs and say it
so I looked at their chat logs and I
looked at them talk to write support
about it cuz right we'll talk to you on
their web page or whatnot and it'll
literally say that like like they
literally said hey I didn't say anything
racist I didn't say anything homophobic
nothing like that why am I getting
banned and they were like well we've
reportedly told you like not then not to
put down other people's play and I get
that like I know that this isn't
anything like traditional sports but I
think when you're criticizing people and
they have a mute button and say people
put so much time and effort and devotion
in this game like what's the point of
primarily banning somebody yeah I'll
agree on the point that I think you
probably shouldn't get permanently
banned for it I think you should get
permanently chat restricted I think that
that's a good thing but I think it's
actually pretty hard to get banned for
toxicity because I'm honestly I mean in
soloqueue so acute as my like anger vent
to be honest and I've used it that way
since I was a teen
and I don't get banned and I'm pretty
bad which is why like I I got banned a
long time ago because I was like way
worse than I was and looking at the
difference like I can understand why I
got banned but in the past I viewed it
the exact same way like I don't get why
I got banned just guys got to get over
it but I think it's pretty hard to get
banned unless you say some some messed
up stuff cuz in games like I tell people
they are shit like I'll just say like
you're so bad
and I'll am ia painting like it's so
little cute everyone does that stuff all
the pro players do it too
I feel like it's pretty hard to actually
get banned man like if your takis like
man i try and give this constructive
criticism and i got banned for bullshit
bullshit bullshit bullshit cuz when i
used to play a lot which i don't do that
much anymore but like i would
I'm a very argumentative person and so
like I don't I would sometimes do the
NIC approach and just call someone shit
but usually like you know we'd be like
dude you're so fucking dumb look I can't
believe you did this don't know and like
just argue like crazy and I never even
got chat restricted or warned or banned
like nothing has ever happened to me so
like you are not just criticizing
players if you're getting banned dude
for sure what's happening is you're
hitting like trigger words like there
are words that are gonna get you flagged
for it and it's just like you can't say
those things yeah you say you like the R
word the dreaded R word like yeah you
can't say certain stuff cuz it's just
like alright bro that's too far but no
I'm just saying like okay so in season
three I've played since season three and
I've never gotten banned like it felt
like they never really banned people as
much back then or anything like that and
I had never gotten banned this season I
got my first banned for two weeks and
just looking at the chat logs I you know
sometimes I'll get your tastes sometimes
I'll just tell players I like dude you
were doing so bad right now like can you
please just sit turret or something let
us let us farm you know what I mean like
let us just for that thing we're saying
yes no I promise you I I can actually I
can actually you know of course we don't
I'm right now
I could actually hold the chat log from
from my profile and put put it on here
like there are there's no way I
I've even showed my friends I've posted
a snapchat I could honestly post a
Twitter or DM it but either way it's
like I've been banned for two weeks for
just saying stuff like that I've never
say anything racist or anything about
hurting anybody or anything like that it
has never been stuff like really I don't
think I don't think I don't think that
it like 100% agree with you that if you
say racist stuff or you threaten
violence or anything that you should get
banned I don't think that that's where
the cutoff should be like if you there
are areas below that if you are just
going into games because I think that
system is designed to help create like a
good experience for players in league
and if if you are being aggressive and
argument like look everyone's gonna have
a bad game every now and then right like
that happens in LCS all the time if you
every time if somebody's having a bad
game decide to get aggressive and angry
with them that's probably not gonna
create like a good experience that's
also not gonna usually help increase the
chances of success in the game you're
kind of having a making everyone else
have like a bad experience or making a
bad situation worse right like do you I
have a question for you do you feel like
if you say to somebody like hey you're
really shitting the bed here or whatever
do you think that that is going to make
them play better for his sake like
frustration happens and you know no but
I'm curious about this what like do you
think that it's going to make them play
better when you say that I I think it
really has to do with like are you just
a personality type of person who's like
you know I don't want to hear this kind
of thing are you this more passive
person who's like actually down to hear
it cuz like I I've played as like like
basically like a captain of my soccer
team and you know when players I feel
like are just too cocky I'll tell them
I'll be like hey did you're bein too
cocky you were really doing bad right
now and whatnot but like for usually
like you see it the same way in league
as you say in person yes yes I I
literally type as fast as I talk so it
like no I just mean like do you think
the tone and everything is the same
because I I imagine if you are playing
with a friend or a colleague or
something like that you're playing
soccer you have a conversation with them
you're like hey you're being really
cocky you're just being a dick out there
I need like you need to calm down
that is probably very different than
when they're just seeing tech like
they're already frustrate because
they're losing their lane and then they
start seeing texts pop up so it's like
you're shitting the bed right now you
suck or whatever so no like so when I
play a lot of overwatch and they have a
like online chat you know and when I'm
playing with like friends and just
people I don't know random so what not I
still do the same thing I still tell
them all the same thing I'll still tell
my friends straight up there's no like
me I'm not I don't have like this
passive like nice level where I'm like
timid to say so I'll tell them straight
up like like dude you can you stop doing
this like you're not doing good you're
you're attacking too much you're getting
punished for it by pushing too far like
and I'll tell people that like literally
in chat and whatever you're saying
you're talking to your friends when
you're saying this friends or just
people on the team okay like yeah and I
I'm just saying I'm fully willing to
defend this and I would I would be dead
honest like if if a riot person wanted
to argue with me on this right now and
pull up my chat logs like I would be
dead honest I did not I have not said
like super toxic things it's just been
people that I clearly can tell they're
reporting me just for you know kind of
criticizing them on their work and
telling them they're bad at times like I
of course I've been like yo like there's
been times where I've definitely said
hey dude you are playing like complete
shit like is it is like very irritating
you know and I just you know that's
that's what I say so it's it's not like
I've ever gone past that line and if
where do you see it why do I say it yeah
you know if you ever get irritated like
I don't know how often you play
soloqueue but whenever you get like
irritated with like people who are just
like clearly not doing good and they
keep dying and you and you want to talk
sense into them at first and you're like
hey like please can you just stop doing
this can you please sit sir let us carry
and then they're not doing it and you're
like dude come on you're playing like
shit like please chill out like and I
get it that my
be like a minimum cutoff if you're doing
that every single game like I understand
if they're like okay this guy needs a
two-week ban and maybe I mean maybe even
a month ban like he just will not chill
out he needs to cool down you know I
mean I understand that but I just feel
like for I don't feel like I even type
that much so it's it's like for me the
times that I do start typing when I'm
irritated or even when I'm just like
okay guys I think this is a really good
idea like let's go Baron now or
something like that like that's the only
times I type so I just I this like my
guess is that you are not like you are
doing this more because you're
frustrated and so like a way for you to
vent your frustration then because it's
actually going to wield real results in
the game and just go ahead and arrow it
feels good it feels good to tell someone
their shit but but at what cost be
alright okay might be true that
someone's doing bad I feel so good just
saying man you're awful everyone does
it's just normal
yeah it's a little it's an ego stroke
but it's not good like it's definitely
bad but that's why people do it people
do it because it's a little it feels
good to just get it off your chest
because in real life thing in their head
like yeah I'm gonna tell this guy I
think he's shit in real life I'll tell
him yeah and then in real life no one's
gonna do it but in game you're just like
yeah Farnes guys he's awful yeah it just
feels good man no I get I won't road
rage as a but like do you think road
rage should exist like yeah we'll get in
trouble for road rage generally is like
cutting people off and literally that's
that's my understand pretty pretty
different like road rage to me is when
anyone just like is fucking yelling at
the car in front of them yes for pretty
minor reasons have you ever been in like
parked nearby sitting somewhere and
somebody just lays on the horn because
they're slow they're like okay
not like is that a good experience for
the other people that are around or the
people that run it down mid and so
q they're the people that take it too
far it's like literally just sit in your
car and tell someone they're an idiot
and then bombing who cares but if you
start running it down mid honking the
horn it's like okay I really hope
someone runs into you reactions well
here's what happens someone gets in
gridlock they shouldn't try and go they
try and take a left and they can't and
they block driving I lay on my horn okay
well I think we're moving from the point
I'd yours I'd say Travis let me just say
this if there was a band system for
laying on your horn too much I would
fucking stop all right well that's
that's a bad sign look I know Richard I
know where Travis is coming from and I
understand like what you're saying I
understand the point you're trying to
get in my head but I'm just saying like
for all active players who who really
understand what I'm saying like people
who are extra sensitive will report you
after games for you just being like
upset you know I mean and you won't be
saying something that's like super
battery thing like that but like I said
this was my first time getting a two
week been okay and that's what like
brought this subject so sensitive to me
was because like I was just irritated
with it you know what I mean and I've
been playing since season three and you
know I saw that my friend tried to talk
to a writer about his he showed me they
gave him three chat logs when he got
permanently banned so I read through
those three chat logs yes he was - um
players they were shit he was telling
players like stuff like that and he
probably says it a lot more often than
me but when he did talk to Ryder about
it they literally said on like over a
text check because they'll talk to you
on a text chat on League of Legends calm
or whatever and they he literally said
that a that like even though you've
never said anything racist or anything
like that because you've been banned a
multiple account are multiple times like
this deserves a permanent ban and I get
it if you're like a toxic player you
just tell me yeah I just don't think
that that's worth a permanent ban
because my friend it doesn't matter at
all like if you're a dick anyone who
owns the thing that you're doing and
you're giving them money to they have
the right to kick you out you go to the
YMCA you can donate money to them you
can pay it but if you're like shitting
on people at the YMCA they're gonna kick
you out and it's fine
like I understand that I'm just saying
like I I agree with an arrow or it would
be better just for a permanent chat
restriction oh yeah yeah mere chat
restriction like that would be that
would make more sense it's like you've
been now chat restricted for a year deal
with it and then when you get back maybe
you will think twice before you're like
okay this players shit I just feel like
that moves the bar because then I feel
like then the next time if that happens
then the call becomes I don't think they
should be issuing your long chat
restrictions for this because it's not
that bad
anyway we are running out of time but
yeah go ahead and say your stick up just
gonna say it from being banned what I
changed it'll make you feel just as good
when you go into chat someone says
something and you want to make fun of
them just say ruffle and all caps and
only type that they're gonna feel just
as shitty but you can't get banned for
that and it just makes me feel good
anyways and it's just funny you just
type ruffle lol need stuff like that and
you're fine and by the way thank you for
I don't I hope you don't feel like we're
dismissing anything I actually really
appreciate this call it's like an
interesting conversation so thank you
for that thank you and give me those
chat logs or whatever okay yeah I can
definitely do that cuz mark can get you
unbanned in fact if anyone is watching
right now no no that mark works with
riot so just say him every time you get
Bad's DM your logs and he'll get you
cleared yeah if you have any problems
with balance if you feel like you
shouldn't be bronzed what are some other
things people can't yeah thank you for
meant over the call bro are you in the
service by the way oh no my wife is I
got too many knee injuries playing
soccer I applied but they denied me were
you know people in soccer no I had a
huge guy fall on my knee and bend it the
other way and you toxic you're for sure
mean people in real life thank you for
having me and by the way I did do all of
those following things that you linked
about for HP OHV well unfortunately if
you're toxic we can't give you a
keyboard or mouse I just
I don't know if you're serious about
medium in you those chat logs but my
name on Twitter's Jonathan Delgado I'll
probably DM you tomorrow like sounds
good
yeah I'll look at them thank you for
making thanks man
see ya alright I was five TVs last - all
right Google mocks subbed and it's leper
subbed there we go
just two more callers Potter's doxxing i
think it's okay we get us on the show
david where you come from Stockton
California
Stockton thank you for being a twitch
prime trips up for the show what do you
want to talk about it and we'll have to
unfortunately go pretty quickly through
you're sorry I have two topics um can we
pick one side which one you guys could
decide which one on this like we talked
I'm talking to this email bank group
about should we be a fan of the
organization or the fans of players and
why so or how could you become like how
could you get your name out there to the
Eldar all-pro team and become like an
assistant coach and build your way up to
being an actual coach to the Academy
team or protein here's what I'll do I
will give you one so the first one I'll
give an arrow like 15 seconds stands for
your second one so so shit your question
is should people be a fan of the players
or fan of the team yeah so we were
talking about I like some of the Uniting
know where fan is sneaky and Jensen and
we believe that they deserve their slot
we're gonna like they're the best
players we want to see the best perform
on the team and I'm saying I'm the other
side of the ground like I don't believe
we should be just found the players we
should be a fan of the organization be
proud of what they're doing something
new but I believe that c9 has meant
stuff like I believe they should have
kept contracts we knew this contract
because I believe he's one of the best
and a talented jungler and I see what
they could have done with the bot lane I
believe Keith did like you just felt for
too long
they should have just picked a rounded
Challenger player or something just
cakes somebody new to tryout to keep
like that he's such a nice guy oh man
okay I would just say do whatever you
want be a fan of whatever you want I
don't think you should have to feel like
you're obligated to be a fan of McCourt
or obligated to be a fan of a player
like if you like a player more and they
go to a different team you shouldn't
feel like I can't support that they'll
support that team cool just I think it's
fine to do either
I'm down four players that are fans of
echo fox just because huni's here now
stuff like that just no rocks here now
and all the players that came in that
are new I mean I treat him the same it's
like cool nice to have you guys here I
don't think people should feel bad
either way I think it's not a team to
convince you to be a fan of them and if
you don't feel like whichever team
you're rooting for is like you know
they're doing enough to convince you of
that then that's on the team all right
they have to make you interested in like
what they stand for who they are like
what they're trying to accomplish
and if you are interested and if the
players are doing a better job of that
then I think you you go with where your
heart is yeah it's a battle for your
interest so players who aren't
interesting of course you're not going
to be a fan of them teams who aren't
interesting you're not to be a fan of
the teams and I just whichever one
speaks to you is fine it's just I don't
think issue ever turned super combative
like where you're like that
I hope c9 loses cuz they benched my
favorite players if you you should be
more of the mindset I hope my players
are in their starting spot back or hope
they end up on a different team I don't
want to see them Academy I want to see
them succeeding in the LCS and it's kind
of the same idea just two very different
tones okay and then an arrow do you want
to give your second answer or how do you
become like a such thing I would say
honestly you got to get your foot in the
door somehow through any means necessary
and probably the best one is just
content content and networking you need
to have some type of brand to yourself
that you've got out there if someone
just gives me a resume that doesn't tell
me anything really I can do an interview
with you that might tell me a few things
but it's not gonna tell me what you know
about the game how you approached like
coaching
things my tummy hires a coach out of the
game but not necessarily and
game-related
put content out build your brand on
Twitter any social here you can and just
talk to people
tweeter Mart you know a lot yes
specifically a mark every day just
always mark behind the scenes is known
as the coach maker the coach creator he
goes you know that the only reason
Nick has a jobs cuz of me no that's not
no there's like we really know what org
has been dan the whole time yeah
secretly not you know sick British
accent by the way Dave my Nana many
talents David is a is that good for you
do you feel satisfied with that yeah
thank you
so like just like bill content as in
like reviewing games stuff like that
yeah anything like that you can do
written content you can do video content
I've seen people do everything in
between and end up with a job offer even
it's like an analyst or something you
just have to have something that's like
tangible that I can look at your watch
and just know that you know this at
least like building up some rate you
have to like work your skill set yeah if
you say you're a good artist but I
haven't seen your art I don't know if
you can draw but if you send me like a
portfolio with all your artwork I'm like
okay well he can draw I guess and then
you know it tells me a bit more about
you yeah David thank you so much for
your call great show guys all right last
call yeah looks like it's invert invert
lol yeah somebody just sent desolate
night sent 580 bits and says here's my
official message saying echo fox wins
summer well there you go thank you for
the bit said an old will store it for
the future it looks like Mark is just
trying to there's all things oh here we
go invert is on the show where you
calling from invert moonlit Los Angeles
moonlit Los Angeles was the moon out
right now I saw it in the reflection of
my I don't go outside yeah this is chess
yes
I was out at a Third Street Promenade
earlier and I can confirm that the moon
was at so invert what do you well first
i'll provide a little context for those
sure i am the current coach of fly quest
academy those pesky guys who have a
banner behind the screen at the LCS
studio now i noticed yeah thanks to riot
for that I didn't get to say my thanks
before but behind the screen yeah yeah
but they light it up whenever fly quest
place oh do they yes I know that's yes
they do I I don't know if I agree with
the lighting of it because that feels
weird but they do light it up I just
wonder it's probably it's probably gonna
be like the first to go once they want
to run out of room they're just gonna be
like I've heard that like they're
already running out of things I think
they're gonna be like a rotating like
whoever is the latest
okay well hopefully if that's the case
then we just get to like they don't like
burn our banner like they don't like a
ritual
like on the side of the studio just like
as you walk in you can see the like
banners it's a bigger studio without any
other in for the banners just expand and
that's the only reason why they need one
just for the banners banner space what
do you wanna talk about the show so the
past three splits I'll be really quick
past three kind of off seasons have been
very long part of that is due to long
international tournaments MSI's but both
Emma sighs were over a month I believe
world's last year was like 50 days or
something like that yeah and I know you
struggled with em aside the split in
terms of justifying the cost of
traveling to Europe for such a long time
so I wanted to throw out there if they
make international tournament shorter if
there's like longer offseason time for
people not either not participating or
you know can be participating in
different ways that we can have
different kinds of fun tournaments or
tournaments to kind of or content or
something that kind of fills that gap
I'm a huge fan of OG and masters for
those in the chat and those watching
that don't know what og and masters is
it's an old Korean tournament where
basically team organizations combine
their two teams and two kind of an
all-star team and you always had to
substitute at least two players every
game that you played so I think
something like that would be really cool
having in during that long space because
sorry oh sorry during that long space if
those international tournaments can be
shortened obviously it's harder because
it could get in the way of viewership of
those tournaments etc etc yeah it's hard
because all these I feel like they don't
want to add if they add tournaments like
rift rivals they don't want to add any
stakes to those tournaments and then
everyone complains and gets annoyed and
assholes on their show suggests that
they should just seven Academy stairs
for those tournaments so I think that's
one of the problems there I do I agree
that there's way too much of a dead zone
in the middle of this play I think
that's part of the reason why your ship
has suffered you had all these people
that were engaged spring split have hits
hour ends then you go to MSI which no
one from North America watches and then
you just have this like giant dead zone
and all the teams are just twiddling
their thumbs flight quest golden
Guardians those that didn't make
playoffs just sit around doing nothing I
mean even even for us like the Academy
guys our schedule was a week back so
Academy finals was one week before yeah
Miami and the break was still like a
month and a half like it's absolutely
absurd I think I Messiah is too long for
what it is especially because they they
like have the extra part and the
beginning I think mark and I talked a
lot about this during league Weekly last
year whenever worlds and MSI just felt
really long because they got righted
like the wild-card qualifications and
just like merge that all into the same
tournament so I continue to take issue
with that I think MSI shouldn't feel
like it
weeklong tournament it should probably
feel like a 1 week long tournament or
maybe like a 10 day long tournament so
and then once you do that you end up a
lot better
I actually think off season off season
like the time from the big end of
October or November to like the very
beginning of January when LCS car starts
you can actually make that longer I
think that that like in a world where
League ends like at the beginning of
October that might even be better cuz
like a long offseason at least other
people go off do things that right can
change the game excetera I don't know
what market and arrow thing but I think
you want to avoid going too far in what
direction oh man every team now has to
spend an extra month doing stuff so they
only get two weeks off cuz that's that's
pretty bad but I think a month and a
half is a lot for pro team so it'd be
nice if like there was something to
prepare for just like like you said I
think masters type thing would be really
cool it would be nice if you could do it
internationally on some level but that's
probably not gonna happen
I'm I would like the idea just something
else for each time zone to kind of enjoy
as well something I think that would be
pretty funny to do would be to have the
teams that don't make it to playoffs in
like na in Europe play an international
tournament I'd be kind of funny oh man
it would it would probably be bad for
those teams cuz it's not gonna feel good
but worse team how do you even sell that
you know it's kind of like what riot did
with like the faith like rivalry thing
right and brand it like that you know
where it's like all the good teams
standing around them and they're two in
the middle it's just that but an actual
tournament people like shit fests I mean
I don't know how they'd sell it that
isn't like a like kicking their face to
those teams that grabs what I'm saying
is it's totally yeah also probably watch
that it's an international event which
means that you have to like fly people
over and maintain it it's kind of a pain
I
think it would be funny I don't know
anything about this type of site yeah I
don't know how to make any of that
better at all
I really like their their thing that was
proposed for the initial riff rivals
where it was like like a pool of teams
who like tried to climb yeah it was like
it was like a fighting game tournament
yeah because it like wasn't enough
content for like no I wasn't there like
a huge public outcry because they wanted
a normal turn like the public one a
normal tournament cuz they didn't
understand how cool
last night was that it was they didn't
agree many games right you were only
gonna get three games max I'm pretty
sure cuz it was literally like that was
it they just played best of ones between
three teams and that was it if I
remember correctly so the outcry was
more that like you have this
international thing you're taking a
pause for for like three games what the
fuck is this and then they turned it
into like a round-robin typical
tournament but there's there's some
amalgamation that you can do with
layoffs hey the teams that aren't going
to MSI those five teams battle it rift
rivals in a 5v5 fucking like yeah yeah
that thing I don't know yeah Last Man
Standing
yeah pretty good yeah I mean most of the
also maybe a little bit of hidden agenda
here is like having a master style
tournament or just something beyond
Academy that integrates that more
actively integrates players I know into
that na LCS broadcast like I know
certain teams and you know see the
c---nine for all the flack that they get
if it's working it's working
you know echo fox news players up and
down and has a lot of talent fly quest
has done the same TSM has done it as
well like there's a lot of movement I
guess I want to call it movement instead
of benching because I think benching is
a really poor framing of it and also is
kind of derogatory to the Academy League
I just don't think in my opinion I want
to give you I'm gonna give you opinion
you don't like invert but sure I feel
like it is hard I do not I think there
are enough fans for eight LCS teams I
don't even think there's enough for ten
I actually think they probably
should have franchise in only eight
teams instead of ten and I think trying
to make them anybody care about like the
other 10 Academy teams like I think
Academy should almost entirely be for
development and then like I actually do
like that they gave the streams on
Thursdays to the teams to do something
fun because then you can you could try
to mix it up and whatever you're doing
there's less about the players and about
the Academy and more about just like
having your team do something about its
team but I I don't see a tournament
being successful that tries to bring in
like the Academy players but maybe I
think that says more about the way that
we treat fandom in North America when it
comes to teams so like you know look
earlier caller asked a bow or you know
was kind of alluding to being a fan of a
player versus being a fan of a team I
think we have a bigger I don't want to
call it an issue but a bigger kind of
style of fandom in North America that is
more focused on being fans of a player
over a team and I think that is kind of
a root issue that that creates your take
right that makes it seem like there's
less fans for teams and there otherwise
would be if people could put invest
their time into a team instead of
players yeah hey thank you so much for
your call invert yep see you guys later
so that's the final call of the night I
want to give mark a chance to shout it
out anything he's got going on it sounds
like there's secret things there's some
secret things I got that guy's logs I'm
gonna read one out loud and then me can
maybe think about it
game one quick coming to my lane dude
STFU just afk now please stop fucking
feeding and sit turret otherwise you're
also top lane if you don't expect ganks
you're dumb you're 300 for no other
reason than just you I even came to
you're lame and ganked and you couldn't
alt or anything outplayed can we group
us five like why you splitting bought
Lucien just plays by himself loose
why are you trolling Lucian groups so we
can are you stupid
Jesus Lucian and yachts who are mental
grouping is so hard apparently we ping
everyone mid and you're a fucking idiot
farming top for no reason the holy fuck
people can't group literally playing
with fucking idiots who can't group GG
it's too late in the game but and
tougher literal ass so we so we've lost
machine ever group we've lost now who
cares how fed you are if your game sense
is stupid AF you waited too long so I
doubt that he goes out and play soccer
with people and says like I'm playing
with fucking idiots to all of his
friends and colleagues probably not I
mean I think people don't realize how
much they say when they do this and it
doesn't feel like that in the moment
yeah he probably doesn't realize what he
says I mean I think it's a fundamental
difference sorry he sound he says like
it's not racism and stuff like that and
it's it's somewhat constructive yeah he
just he he thinks like I think it's a
difference in perspectives right like
I'm not trying to disrespect a color I
think they see that and they're like
well I'm not I'm not being a bad person
I'm not saying anything racist or
homophobic like ultimately I am NOT a
bad person I am just frustrated so I
don't deserve this band well that's I
mean I'm I'm trying to speak for him but
I kind of go whereas I would look at
that and say like I don't want to
encounter that person in my game I don't
care if I can mute them or not I don't
want to encounter that person in the
game I am happy that they are like being
punished for that so it's hard for me to
disagree by the way we're not subbing I
guess because you cuz you should read
those I don't know why that causes so I
would to be fair I would not have read
them if he didn't say that he doesn't
care and he'll show that right exactly
I'm not I hope no one thinks that like I
would do this to anyone you GM's me
anything right it's just that he he said
on the broadcast you can read these out
loud yeah so my take I actually it was
weird because we got really bogged into
him personally the more his point I do
think that they're probably a little
anal on stuff like that in terms of
banning like looking at that that's a
guy should get chat which
did forever like an arrow said if that
was an option but I don't think someone
would enjoy playing the game that way so
it's like a little bit like the end if
you do damned if you don't kind of thing
yeah also do I want to play with people
that are just restricted forever like
isn't that yeah I agree I don't think
there's a great solution and I think as
long as you can type and press the enter
button when you tell someone how you
feel
but they don't get to see it yeah that's
fine even if it made it pop up in the
chat box and you were like shadow chat
band and you didn't realize it that
would probably be good it shows up in
there something like yeah I told that
guy but other people just don't get it I
think that would be pretty solid because
I mean overall I don't think that that's
that what you said is that bad it's just
that's because I also don't think it's
that bad if someone said that to me like
waffle and move on with my life
yeah I would not be happy that person in
my game I feel like I don't know why
this person isn't at my game and I don't
want them to be here
yeah but definitely some people aren't
like that so right maybe I'm more as
people that aren't like that pretty much
maybe I am more sensitive maybe I'm a
snowflake you know I saw a boy I look at
that and I say individually that's
that's like not that bad that dude
deserves to get reported for that game
but if you're doing that in over 50% of
your games you you have a problem I
should know as I said whether he's a
d-bag or not those private-like should
have never gone to air he said he was
fine with this so that's like if someone
sends me a letter and says like you can
read this out loud and I read that out
loud like how could you get mad at me
yeah anyways I think quantity matters a
lot too so like if you say that in a
game that you say that like once you had
a bad day like you're not gonna get
banned for that that's something maybe
pretty clear I've definitely popped off
like that before in my past and I've
never gotten anything bad so I've never
been suspended anything so I think a lot
of it too is not just that you say these
things but quantity and like if you are
literally doing that even close to 50%
of your games you gotta chill out
because you're gonna lose a lot of games
and someone's gonna play bad every
single game probably mark
don't start a show where people send you
their chat logs that they get banned for
and you just do dramatic readings of
them I I don't think I have the vocal
range that's like a - thing yeah well I
don't think - could get away with it but
I think you could get away with it
okay yeah maybe send me some more of
your band logs people an arrow where any
shots plugs anything you want to get out
there shout-out to the echo fox discord
like I do in all of your interviews I
love those guys I hang out and like the
echo fox hundred thieves and like golden
Guardians discord every now and then
just talk to people there throw a hella
cool thanks for supporting me and the
team as well yeah I guess that's it
everybody's having a flame flame game
right now that's what they wanted to be
called as the flame game of you lit week
we did a flame game for the LCS one time
I felt really bad about it really yeah
yeah it was on the countdown we did a
flame game segment for reignover
oh he just flamed him so like uh I like
how you get away with that but whenever
you gave like a critical analysis of
bjergsen having a rough start to the
split everybody goes crazy but I never
heard any backlash for doing a flame
game on reignover
yeah I mean it's it's a tough segment to
pull off and like I have plans to do
more in the future but like it's really
hard to pull that off yeah when you were
talking about coaches need to
perspective coaches need to make content
an arrow with the flame game count as a
coaching content piece that you would
review and consider bringing them on
board
yeah for sure okay a player is bad at
something you better be right yeah I'll
be down alright uh thank you everyone
for watching really appreciate the
continued support it is episode 33
partly linked and we are done
I